This week, Hello Games pushed a No Man's Sky feature update, features that Hello Games
undoubtedly hopes will restore play hours and re-engage players.
And that's just the tip of the week's gaming news.
Stay tuned for this and more, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is episode number 667 tonight for this November the 27th of 2016.
And we here at OLR hope you all had a happy and safe Thanksgiving, at least those of you
in the States, those of you abroad and other countries.
Well, I hope you had a good week.
I hope you had fun watching all those clips of people beating each other up for toasters
on Black Friday sales.
But meanwhile, we'll talk about any video game deals maybe we got, or you guys got,
in our chat room.
Live here in our studio, studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California is myself, Rob Roberts,
and joining me by my side as he always is, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki, how are you doing?
Doing alright.
Did you have a good holiday?
Yeah, I still have a, I got a bit of a cold, but it's not bad.
I have like a little bit, like I was really sick like a few weeks ago, you guys probably
remember that because I think I missed a show because of it.
But yeah, I feel like I like, like another cold might be trying to come in, but it kind
of can't maybe because my body's still, yeah, it's just minor and like just stuffed up.
Yeah.
Well, I should mention Dark Sakura, even though you guys know she's been on leave, she was
actually going to try to be here tonight.
She'd got the night off work and everything, but she actually got really sick, like had
to go to the doctor and get pills type of sick.
So if she's out there listening, hope you feel better soon, Dark Sakura.
Sorry.
She couldn't, she couldn't be here when she thought she could be, but she will be joining
us after her work conflict ends mid December, so I think her first show back will be December
18th.
Hopefully we'll bring her to you via Radio Magic for a couple of episodes in between,
but for now you stuck with just Loki and I, so deal with it.
Yep.
Did you get caught up in any of the shopping stuff?
You probably don't really do that stuff, right?
Really I didn't.
I mean, the only thing I was going to do, cause I've been meaning to replace it for
a while, is I replaced my Boxee, basically my streaming device, which I was looking at
maybe getting like Roku or something, and mainly because, I mean, we were using Netflix
on the PlayStation, but I wanted to use that for games instead.
Right.
You talked a little bit about this conflict, I think last week on the show or the week
before.
So I was looking at a Roku and I almost got one of the Roku premieres, but I ended up
going with, it's called a, ironically a My Box or Me Box or something.
I think it's My Box, is how they pronounce it, and it's basically an Android TV device.
Which is cool, cause you know, I have an Android account, a Google account, and it runs pretty
well.
So I mean, you can put games on it apparently, I have not tried to do that yet, but for Netflix
it works pretty awesome.
It's also got that Pluto TV, which has a Mystery Science, actually several Mystery Science
channels, they're live streaming all the time, I was like, this is fantastic.
I have never heard of Pluto TV.
Yeah, Pluto TV, it's an app, it's just like a live streaming app, and they have like different
streams for, also just stuff, like they have stand-up comedy, they have like an IGN one,
they have one that's like video games, but it was weird, cause it was like, I think I
was playing some really old videos, cause they were like showing like, talking about
the upcoming Lost Odyssey 3, or not Lost Odyssey 3, Lost Planet 3 or something like that, I'm
like, uh, that's pretty old.
Okay, this was like old stuff, like G4 reruns or something.
Like that one, yeah, that was, but it had Mystery Science 3 3000, I mean a few channels
of that, and what's kinda cool about it though is, like I was looking at maybe doing Sling
with it, the only thing, cause it comes with two months free for Sling, and with that it
has live streams as well, live channels, cause they're cable channels, but what's cool about
it in the Android TV is you can mix and match these live streams, so like, there's actually
a live TV or live channel app, and you can say, okay, I wanna pull the streams from this
Pluto TV, and I also want like actual cable channels in there, and I want this other stuff,
so you can mix like the Mystery Science 3 3000, you know, channel with TNT and Comedy
Central and all sorts of stuff, so it's like pretty cool, that's like kinda what I wanted.
Problem is that live streaming, that live app doesn't quite work, but the individual
apps work, so I'm probably gonna end up picking up Hulu. There's so many, I'm sorry, but there's
so many of these like individual streaming apps now, it's like, I remember when it was
like Netflix and Hulu and that's really it, but now it seems like everybody wants a piece
of this, this is what I was afraid of, when HBO got one and Showtime got one. Pluto, what's
the name of Pluto, it's free. Okay, that's good. It sounds like it's just drawing from
all these existing like internet streams and stuff. I think it is, it's just an aggregate,
but it works really nice, and actually, you know what, I'm not sure if it is pulling from
all this, but it's got like, you know, between each like episode, it has commercials, like
actual commercials, and it also, like it looks fancy, it looks like you're watching a TV
channel, so I'm not really sure what it is, but it works cool. That's cool. And you know,
the remote's neat and stuff, it has like voice search and stuff like that, and I think it's
just like it's a nice little compact box, and it wasn't that expensive, so I'm pretty
satisfied with it, and I also removed all the bloat off of it, you know, before I messed
with stuff, so. And what was it called, My Box, so somebody in chat was asking. Yeah,
it's called a My Box, or Me Box, it's some Chinese, they sell them at like Walmart, that's
why I bought it, and it was the same, it was $10 cheaper than the Roku Premier, which feature-wise
is pretty similar. Okay. So, and plus, you know, Walmart is doing a special where they
gave you two months of, of Sling, but normally when they're not doing that, this still comes
with two months of Sling, so that's $50 right there. Wow. There's still so many, and I got
suckered into another one, you know, I subscribed to CBS All Access now, and I only, I only
did it so I could watch frickin' Big Brother Over the Top, which has kind of ended as a
flop season. It comes with a free month of that, by the way, as well. Does it really?
Yeah. Oh, it's a bump. So a free month of that. Wait to cash that in until they do Star
Trek Discovery at this point. I don't really care, but I'm gonna, I seriously, I'm probably
gonna do Hulu because it's like, you know, another eight bucks, and I may do Sling because
it's, it's $25. And right there, those two were basically what I was getting with PlayStation
View, which I have canceled because they removed all the good channels off of it. Comedy Central's
gone. Oh no. Yeah, they were, like, there's some deal that fell through, and so they removed
all these, like, Viacom channels. I'm like, fuck that. I'm, I was watching Comedy Central.
That's really what I wanted it from, and it's not there anymore. I'm like, nope. I'm not
going back. So yeah, I mean, it looks cool. Okay. Well, I'm, I'm glad to see it sounds
like maybe you've, you've hopefully found a box to mediate the TV and game situation
in your home. Yes, I have. Good, good. Glad to hear it. Um, let's see. Uh, Kaijuto, Kaijuto
in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com arguing me, with me saying, Big Brother Over
the Top is not a flop just cause Justin is in bed. This is an epic season. It's the best
Big Brother in a long time. No, I, I actually agree. It, it was, it was an amazing Big Brother,
but it's like, I'm not very inspired by who's left in the game. Uh, I, I would like Justin
to win out of who's left. And, and also the other thing I was going to mention too, it
is 4K capable as well. That's one of the reasons I purchased it, because eventually I am going
to get a 4K TV, and that's why I was between the Premiere, or the Roku Premiere, or this,
because they both output the 4K. Uh, AkumaJP in our chatroom, uh, again, over at live.vognetwork.com
and just a quick plug, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com, vognetwork.com. Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show. Uh, AkumaJP's in chat, and if you are, uh, listening, you
should join our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com. Uh, Akuma just says, Stupid people here, even
though we have Black Friday, but they, or even though, I think that's, we don't have
Black Friday, cause in Japan they don't, you know, Thanksgiving is not as it is here in
the States. So, stupid people here, even though we don't have Black Friday, but they
make Black Friday sales anyway. I heard that was the thing, that more and more countries
are trying to kind of get on the Black Friday thing. In fact, I thought I saw a video, and
it was trying to be a very, like, tongue in cheek sort of thing, where it was like, look
at this Black Friday chaos in Canada, and it was just all these people casually walking
into a Best Buy, like, you know, oh, hello, how do you do, you know, they're too, oh,
sorry. Yeah, yeah, sorry about that, sorry about that. Uh, and then, uh, you know, the
Best Buy people applauding, it was like really funny, with the Tim Hortons cups and everything,
it was like really funny, you know, um, but obviously Canada's Thanksgiving is weeks earlier,
and my understanding is that Canada has Boxing Day after Christmas, which was a similar sort
of thing, but now I guess one day isn't enough, they have to get in on, on Black Friday as
well. Oh yeah, I mean, all the stores are getting in on Black Friday, and it's like
cyber, it's like, I don't know what they call it, like cyber week or Thanksgiving. Cyber
Monday now. No, no, I understand it's Cyber Monday, but they've been doing like this Black
Friday thing like all week, so it's, it's not just that, I mean, I don't know what you
call it, cyber discount, I don't know what they're calling it, cyber week or something,
but yeah, it's, it's, they keep extending it, like they do Christmas, eventually it's
gonna be Black Friday from July on or whatever. I'll be interested to see how the, um, sales
numbers look, because I'll tell you what, uh, yesterday, Saturday, um, I went on a little
road trip with Shane and Extover, you know, two pals of mine that you probably know from
other shows on VOG Network, um, and we went up to a town a couple hours north of here
called Chico, um, because there's this really good Mongolian barbecue place there that we
wanted to eat at, and, um, you know, some of their stores, because they're not as trafficked
as stores say in Sacramento and stuff, um, Shane really likes to look for his Power Ranger
stuff, uh, which if you listen to a show, the Ranger Pride cast, you know all about
his collecting. So anyway, we went to the Target up there and the Toys R Us up there,
and I got to say, especially considering it was Saturday on this big sale weekend, like
it wasn't that crowded at all. Like it was, it was maybe like a busy, busy evening or
something. Well, I think a lot of people, if they're going to those Black Friday sales,
they're going like first thing on Thursday and then it's died down. Well, but here's
the thing, when we were walking through, not just Target, but Walmart as well, they still
had a ton of the TVs that were the deep discount, like the stuff you would expect would be the
first thing gone. Like even I had that moment of, should I just get one of these $500 TVs?
Cause it's right there in front of my face and I do need a 4k TV. But then rational Rob
spoke up and said, no idiot, you just dropped, you know, $1,200 on a TV this year and it's
your own damn fault that you missed the 4k bus. So I'm going to wait a little longer
for allowing myself a new TV, but they only get cheaper and they're only going to get
better too. That's, that's very true. So, um, yeah, so, uh, yeah, I just thought that
was interesting that I didn't, I didn't really notice a lot of traffic and even at the stores,
you know, granted what you said is that, you know, most of it was probably Thursday, Friday.
It still seemed like there was a lot of merchandise. Granted, I was in a different town where maybe
it's a different flow by like, I mean, I don't have a lot of extra money to go spend on stuff
like that. I mean, definitely I'm looking at 4k TVs and some of them are even pretty
inexpensive, like $300, $400 for basically the same size TV I have now. I'm like, maybe,
I mean, it's something I'll get later on when I have something that really uses that. I
mean, granted, you know, the streaming thing does it, but I don't know. I mean, it, we'll
see. Um, I'm more of looking at it like a game console or something like that. Um, but
yeah, I did a lot. I mean, most of my shopping was online and it was mostly on the PlayStation
network. You know, and I think that's where a lot of people are going is online. I think
that has a lot of retailers kind of, uh, creeped out, you know, a vid power and chat says dual
shock fours are $34 on Amazon right now. That doesn't, that matches the deal Best Buy was
having, right? I think Amazon like just matches a lot of what these other Black Friday deals
are. And so, you know, people are like, they see the videos on like, maybe if all the videos
looked like the video in Canada, people wouldn't be so adverse to go into the store, but no,
we see the videos that people in Walmart like dog piling on each other fighting for a TV
and all this like crazy stuff. And you're like, nope, I want no part of that. I'm not
going out with that. I will just click the buy it now on Amazon. That's much easier.
And so I don't know, maybe, maybe retailers will have to do something to make the experience
a little more like it is in Canada. Make people behave. I don't know. I don't know how a retailer
does that. I agree. I mean, and I think there now that with so many online options that
a lot of people aren't going to stores is there's, unless there's something that they
really want. And a lot of the times that, you know, they know what the deals are going
to be ahead of time, which is nice. So you know whether it's worth it going out there.
And a lot of it, you can just kind of compare online before you even mess with it. It's,
it's just so easy to go online, especially now with Cyber Monday, there's going to be
even more stuff. So yeah, why bother? No, I'm not going to the store. Fuck that. I don't
really have an extensive Christmas list. And you know, the people that I would buy, um,
I would buy gifts for, I don't think I would buy televisions for, you know what I mean?
Maybe my mother, if she strongly hinted she wanted one, I would buy her a new TV, but
that's, that's about it. You know what I mean? I don't usually have that kind of budget to
spend that kind of money, you know, and Alan and I kind of, I don't, we don't, we don't
really go all out for holidays. Cause like, we're just the type of household where if
we see something, we buy it, you know, we don't, we don't wait until December 25th.
I don't know. Anyway, but every, every household's different for sure. For sure. Uh, anyway,
let's move on. We spent a good time talking about Black Friday, but the real kickoff topic
I wanted to talk about tonight is, you know, um, it has been a slower news week because
of the holiday in the States. You don't have, you know, the news cycle pretty much came
to an abrupt stop on Thursday and Friday. There wasn't as much coverage of what was
going on. Um, but you know, we are on the eve of a major, major game release coming
up this week. Uh, at least of a series that I have a lot of, you know, um, love for, and
that's Final Fantasy, Final Fantasy 15, finally, finally releasing, uh, Tuesday. Uh, some people
lucky enough to get it early. I've really tried to stay away from all that stuff. I
haven't been watching any live streams or YouTube's, uh, just outside of, you know,
the stuff that was out there a couple months ago when, when, uh, Square did their big reveal
of the release date that they didn't even make and all that stuff that was out there.
So, um, you know, I've kind of been taking the, the concept of what happened with No Man's Sky,
which I really know is ironic here because we do a podcast about video games, but I think we can
still temper our expectations and not buy into hype a lot. Even like, I haven't been hyped about
it and I didn't like, honestly, even I'm still picking it up because it's Final Fantasy and I
like Final Fantasy, but like, I think there's something you just have to admit. Yes. I'm buying
it just because it's with the comments. It's kind of like, I really don't care for this too much,
but I'll try it. But Final Fantasy, like I, it's just such a legendary series to me. I mean,
I'm not just talking about the fact that I play 14 probably more than any other game right now,
but I'm talking about the fact like this goes back to playing on the NES with my best friend
at the time. And we could get all the way to Tiamat, which is like towards the end of the game,
we could not beat that motherfucker for all it's worth and everything we tried. I remember getting
very frustrated with that and then playing Final Fantasy II, which yes, I know it's really Final
Fantasy IV, but I'm sorry, certain things I'm just tied to, but playing Final Fantasy II on the Super
Nintendo, you know, and, uh, playing through that whole experience, you know, a little more on my
own, but the story in that game, just phenomenal, you know, for a video games just didn't have
stories like that at the time. It was very, very rare to go that deep. Um, and then that was a
tradition that continued with Final Fantasy III or yes, Final Fantasy VI. But, you know, I just,
wow. I mean, those games like blew me away as a kid. So it just made me a fan of the series for
life, I think in many ways. Well, and you know, with, here's my gripe about some of the Final
Fantasy games as of late, the stories are so damn hard to follow. Like 13, like there, it was just
like, here's this, let me just vomit, like the whole lore in front of your face. And like, you
just can't follow any of the fucking thing. And it's, and even at the end, you kind of have like
a better idea, but it's, it's so hard to follow. And like, I mean, the demo for Final Fantasy 15
kind of is the same way. It's like, I don't know what the fuck is going on. So they broke down
their car. Why are they doing all this shit? Why? Hey, my car broke down. Let's go kill those deer
over there. I mean, that's kind of like the equivalent of that. It's like, that's what people
do. It's just like, man, I'm tired of waiting for my car. Let's go break that animal's neck. I mean,
it's like, I don't know, but whatever. It's Final Fantasy. I'll check it out. But I don't know what
the fuck's going on in this game. And like, I know that they have like a prequel movie. It's like,
do I have to fucking watch the movie in order to understand what's going on in this game? I mean,
I don't know. So I just hope that going into it, that the story's laid out better than 13,
because 13, I still don't know what the fuck, I didn't finish it, but I still don't know what
the fuck was going on. I confused the hell out of everything. Then don't play, for the love of God,
don't play the sequel because then they introduce time hopping into it. And it's just like, you'll
go cross-eyed. Because now not only, but now, but this happened in the future and this happened in
the past. And then when this happens in the past, it affects this in the future. And yeah, you'll
go crazy. You'll go absolutely crazy. Anyway, all that joking aside, yeah, I'm really just trying
to not like expect too much from the game and read too much in the story so that hopefully
it will all kind of come together when the game comes out. Although I know people,
and I feel the same way, is that I understand that Final Fantasy 15 has an anime behind it,
right? There's that whole brotherhood, like an hour of YouTube.
It looked cool. Yeah, I watched the 12 minute clip of it.
And then there's the movie, but it's like, I really...
So there's the movie and the anime?
Yeah, there's both. There's a fully CGI movie as well.
Yeah, it's a movie is what I saw at 12 minutes ago.
Okay. Yeah. So there's also an anime. And there's all these side cell phone games and all this
stuff. But my point is, is that I really hope that stuff is not required to understand the game.
That stuff, if it's good, should enhance the game. And that's one thing that kind of bugged me about
World of Warcraft sometimes is that like major things that happen between patch to patch. Well,
if you wanted to know what happened, you have to read the book. And it's like, I don't want to
read the book. I don't want to read. Like I'm playing a video game. Show me. That kind of stuff
is very frustrating. So I hope that doesn't happen in Final Fantasy 15. But we'll see.
Anyway, also should be pointed out, Final Fantasy 15, they are going to be getting a day one patch
after all. I thought the delay was to prevent a day one patch. I thought that was the whole reason
they pushed it back. Well, it was to, I mean, they're going to fix everything, but then it's
always fixing stuff. So I don't, maybe they'll reduce the size of the patch. Maybe. I'm thinking
the day one stuff is an enhancement patch or what they're calling the crown update. And they're
saying it's going to add features to the game to make up for forcing everyone to wait longer for
the game to come out. So there's an improved camera for narrow areas. Something, the weight
mode feature gets expanded a little bit, uh, which is the whole fact that you can actually
set the game to pause. So that's not so fast. And I guess, yeah, I'm only candy. I know. Right.
Like old basis. It's. I like the turn-based system. I don't know what all the haters were,
you know, hating on the turn-based system, but I love it. And that's why I liked loss Odyssey,
because it was the turn-based system. Yeah. It was fucking awesome. Yeah. Um, a monster flute
that will summon monsters, more fish and more recipes. And you can upload pictures
that prompto takes directly to Facebook and Twitter for all that social media hype.
Does every fucking game need to have like fishing and fucking selfies and shit in it? I mean,
come on now. What I thought was also interesting is that, uh, is he a character that you control?
Because that'd be pretty awesome. If, if I think it's just an AI character, this is one of the
bros. Right. I understand that, but it'd be awesome if it was just, you know, he's AI
controlled. He's taking pictures of shit is, you know, that would be kind of cool. That would be
like, uh, that would be like the dude who comes down in random moments and earthbound and says,
now say fuzzy pickles. Uh, anyway, uh, Hajime Tabata also went on to say, uh, Hey,
I know that copies are out there circulating early basically and say, you know, stressing
everybody worked really hard on this. Please don't spoil the game before the game is actually
on sale. The direct quote is we may be unable to anticipate the spoiler videos and such that
appear as a result of this. We hope that everyone looking forward to final fantasy 15 can be very
careful. We are also doing our best to prevent the circulation of leaked videos to those who
received the game early. Please be considerate to those looking forward to the official release of
this title. Now it says to me, and I will say this upfront, I know nothing about 15's plot,
but this all says to me, somebody dies and they don't want you to know who.
Well, I think, I mean, people want to get the video out there first because
that's the YouTube hits and that's money. And you know, it's all about that.
Anyway, uh, looking at some of the chats in our, uh, uh, chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Um,
Akuma JP says, Prompto, he is AI. So, huh, interesting. Uh, and Akuma JP says, it's not
required the, uh, additional stuff. Uh, but you will have more fun if you know the history and
why or how they go to war. Yeah, I'm fine with that. In fact, you know, I kind of want to see
the anime and movie cause it looked cool. Just like the first 12 minutes, like pretty awesome.
Um, I don't know. I mean, I'm interested. I just like the demo. Sierra Lee didn't do it for me,
which is unfortunate. I mean, I got an idea of what the game was, but like, I still didn't
understand what the game is and stopping and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, ha ha ha,
Rob, you're so cute in believing delay excuses. Well, look, I, what can I, I mean, I, I think,
you know, and in the back of my mind, I always kind of thought it failed certification. That's,
that's the real reason I got to it failed certification. Then they had to delay it,
but we don't have proof. Nobody's saying that. So I can really only,
I can really only just have that leap of faith and, and trust what they say. But believe me,
I understand your cynic perspective in that regard too. So every single patch update,
just like Minecraft needs to have like removed Sephiroth. Cause you know, they always like to
add Sephiroth into these games is like an added bonus. Akuma JP also says, has she made to bottom
made crisis core and final fantasy zero. Of course somebody is going to die. So that's just,
that's what we do now. That's right. I have another final fancy game. I don't play. I completely
forgot. I bought that for the demo of final fantasy type zero and all that type zero.
Whoops. Yeah, that gave me an impression on me. All right. And yeah, as Joe and a mat says,
no one is showing the receipts for why there was a delay. So we just have to take their word for it.
That's right. And they're not going to come out and say, yo, we failed certification or,
or Hey, we had this major game breaking. They're going to have a guest character.
Eric's going to show up all of a sudden she gets run through with a sword again. Sephiroth there.
It's like, ah, you know, it's this all over. Well, you know, in the car you can listen to
final fantasy, greatest hit tracks. So hopefully they have like, uh, the, the one winged angel
that you can actually play in the car while you're driving around. Cause I don't know about you,
Loki, but I do that anyway in my own car. I think I would probably like, cause I don't remember the
demo. You have to fight the behemoth or whatever. Just run that over with the car. Just like drive
right into that sucker. Doesn't the car fly? Just drive straight through his forehead. Yeah.
Well, I'm really, really looking forward to final fantasy 15. I have to decide like how much of it
do I want to stream? Because I, I realized like everybody's going to be streaming it probably,
especially on Tuesday when everybody gets the game. But I think, I think I probably will do a
bit of streaming just, especially in talking to Bobby, uh, just before we went live tonight. Um,
he kind of said, I'm waiting to see some of the early streams to see like what the options really
look like or what the combat really looks like, um, type of thing. So, um, for that reason,
I'll probably do at least a few streams the first couple of days of the game, but I don't know,
I don't know if I could stream all 70 hours or whatever it's going to take me to beat it.
I won't be streaming shit because there's not enough bandwidth in the house to do Netflix and
fucking play the game. And sometimes there's not even enough. Yeah. To do both of those. I mean,
for some stupid reason, like even though like it's streaming over my network,
I can't, I have a fucking gigabit internet, you know, within my home network. Right. That's not
enough to stream the fucking shit to my laptop. That's literally sitting four feet away from the,
you know, well not four feet, six feet away. Wireless though? Um, yeah, I've been doing
a wireless, but I've got a, you know, um, what's automatically going to be like that one gigabyte
gets slashed to whatever the wireless can handle. So I have wireless AC, so it should be able to
handle that. Yeah. Maybe you got a lot of noise or something. Who knows? Um, all right. Anyway,
uh, so I think that's all I really want to say about Final Fantasy 15. Obviously there'll be
a lot more in this coming week. It's going to be a big week in games. I mean, this week's been a
little, so now is the VR thing included in this or is that something that's coming later? That's
lame. You know what else comes later? The patch for the PS4 pro that is not going to be out at
launch that comes later. Don't care. Don't have, well, obviously you don't care, but I do have a
PS4 pro and I was kind of looking forward to that increased frame rate since, you know,
that's the one perk I get on my non 4k TV. So I'm a little disappointed. That's not going to be
their launch day, but I'll probably still be playing by the time that patch hits. So it will
be kind of interesting to see the before and after, if nothing else, there is that. So, um,
anyway, uh, let's move on. I want to get into the other gaming news for this week and how was your
gaming week? Uh, so let's get into our gaming week. So what types of video games you have been
playing this week? Loki, what have you been playing? So I played, um, on Sunday, I had played
a little bit of Watch Dogs 2 and actually got to try some of the online because I didn't realize
that they had shuts or turned on some of those services. So, um, ironically enough, I want to
say it was Dungeon Buster that jumped in. Um, it was done. I don't remember who was it. I think
it was Dungeon Buster that, um, jumped in and, um, we played some co-op and that was fun. It had
lots of chaos. So, um, definitely enjoying that. However, I didn't really play much of Watch Dogs
2 because I've been purchasing things on the PlayStation store thanks to their like Black
Friday, um, deals and stuff like that. So I ended up picking up Skyrim because Skyrim dropped to
half price and then, you know, I wanted it for half price. Um, honestly, can't really tell the
difference from the PlayStation 3 one. I mean, it's really, well, I mean, I, I didn't actually
didn't have the PlayStation 3. I had it on a PC, but it's not, the change is not that noticeable.
I mean, I know that they added more like foliage and stuff in the draw. This instance is longer,
but it's not like, Whoa, this looks incredibly better. It's just like, yeah, this looks like
Skyrim. But mods are fun. I'm having fun with mods. Um, but I mean, it's basically, it's playing
like I do on PC. Um, so yeah, I mean, I don't know. It's going to waste a lot of my time though,
unfortunately. Um, what else did I do? Um, they have that cool skin that came out now that I don't
know if you picked it up for Rez, the, uh, the new background. No, I forgot to grab that. I should
have. It's fucking awesome. Is it still up? I hope so. I don't know. It was free though.
And for Rez's 15th, 15th anniversary. No, that can't be 15. Is it? No, I think it is. Yeah. I
think it's like 15. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, go check it out. Um, it's free. It might be more. It might
be more actually because no, it can't be 20. It's gotta be, but yeah, the Dreamcast was out nine,
nine 99. So that, that would make sense. 2001 for Rez. That makes sense. Cause it was on PS2 as
well. Right? Yeah. 2001 makes sense for that. You know, let's see here. So, and then
what else did I play? I, yeah, it was dungeon monster. Yes. Okay. So, um, I also played,
what else did I pick up? I purchased the, a couple more VR games cause they were on sale.
So I picked up track mania cause track mania was down to like 15 bucks. So I was like, dude,
I can't pass it up for that. Plus it has the VR mode. I haven't got a chance to try that yet
because the problem with that is, you know, the setup required for that. It doesn't work really
well when other people are trying to watch TV. Um, and then I picked up, I don't remember the
other game was called now, but quick interjection while you're thinking Rez's release date was
November 22nd, 2001 in Japan. It came out in the US, uh, in, uh, January of 2002. Yeah. Bound was
the other game I think I got. Um, that was a VR game. So I checked that out and, or I haven't
gotten to check that, but I did purchase as well, but mainly Skyrim. I've been playing a lot of
that. It has been crashing by, I attribute that to like the 20 plus mods I have running on it.
So that's fine. And I'm kind of okay with that. Um, I don't know. It's fun. It's got all the
updates to it. I, you know, one of the things with Skyrim, I like a lot of the enhancements
that people have made. Like there's, um, one of they've got better quest directions. So it'll like
give you, you know, precise, here's what you need to do to finish this quest stuff. And the markers
are more updated and stuff like that. So those enhancements really make the game kind of fun,
kind of disappointed that it disables your trophies, but I understand because you can
totally cheat your way through the whole game. But, uh, I really played for trophies anyways.
Um, Fallout 4 was the other one I downloaded mods for, but I haven't gotten a chance to play that
yet. Um, just because I'm too lazy to actually pop the disc into the machine and try it out.
That's really lazy. But I did, I did pre-order Final Fantasy 15. So that should be unlocking
for me at nine o'clock on Monday. Nice. I may, I may not get to play tomorrow night. I may have
to wait till Tuesday cause I'm at the mercy of Amazon shipping. So I may not actually get it
till Tuesday, but that's fine. If I miss a few hours, I'm not going to scream and cry about it.
So it's fine. Yep. So I think that's everything. I mean, aside from, you know, Ingress, I did try
Pokemon just to see the updates and stuff and the, you know, the near by features kind of nice,
I guess. I still don't understand where things are, but it's like, at least I know it's near
this Poke stop or something. Um, I mean, it's all right. That's it. All right. Um, my gimme week,
I've been continuing on in Pokemon moon. Um, still playing that a little bit. Uh,
Shane also helped me out because, you know, he went straight through the game and he's
already beat it. And so he got me, uh, some of the starters. So now I have every starter
in my Pokemon party. So that's kind of fun, uh, getting to play the game like that completely
unbalanced, uh, for me, but that's okay. It'll give me incentive to get through the game,
uh, and play through that more. Uh, we did tape a Poke stop podcast over the weekend,
so that'll be up very soon. All right. When you guys are probably hearing this,
uh, so you can hear more about that on that. Um, but other games I've been continuing on and
Final Fantasy 14, of course, cause I play a lot of that game. Uh, also I got to see, I didn't play,
but I got to see the classic Nintendo system because I was at, um, Flaco Jones's place for
a little bit yesterday. Um, you know, he has one and so his kids were playing it.
So I got to see that and, you know, I saw the, you know, the interface is pretty slick. I'm
going to give it that because it seemed very seamless to like save and load, uh, save points.
And, you know, you really could switch between games. Now you mentioned the old Nintendo things.
I, my kids were bugging me because they couldn't decide what they wanted to watch.
So I decided to play some mega man too. They show them what video games look like. So I played,
uh, through a few stages of that and it's pretty hard. Yeah. Right. Games got harder at some point
we got older. Um, so yeah, I, I enjoyed the system, but again, you know, yes, I do believe
the picture quality was a little better and I can see that. Um, but I'm still kind of like,
I just, I have a lot of these games on virtual console. And again, that cord, I know we have
a story coming up on it a little later in the show, but the length of the cord is pretty
ridiculous. Uh, I don't, I don't see how that would work in many living rooms though. The
way Flaco had it set up work though, they had like the, the mini NES was kind of like on a chair
and then they would have the chair right next to their recliners that the cord would reach.
So it kind of worked the way they had it, but it just, it was stupid. It wasn't the most
convenient thing. It's a stupid cost saving. Well, how much did you really save on making that cord?
Like what did it kill them to make it Bluetooth or something where he could just be wireless,
like have the classic controller wireless, would it have killed them?
I just don't use the classic controller for it. I mean, yeah, it's just a little silly,
little silly anyway. Uh, so I got to see that, but I didn't get to play it. Just disclaimer there,
but it was nice to finally like actually see this device we've been talking about
on the show for a few weeks. Um, and then, um, I played, um, let's see, um,
gosh, not really a lot else that I can think of just continuing on with Pokemon and the
online stuff, just waiting for Final Fantasy 15. Um, Overwatch, I guess would be the other
big thing. That's it. Um, cause I did buy something on the Black Friday sales and, uh,
Overwatch on the PlayStation 4 is what I bought. Now I already had Overwatch on PC and I was very
adamant that I didn't want to buy it on a second platform just because it's the same game. But of
course I got suckered in by the sale and it was like, I do want to play with my friends who are
on PlayStation 4. So I just bought it on PlayStation 4. Uh, actually I bought it on Amazon
because Amazon was price matching and it was like, well, I would like to have the physical disc. Um,
so I bought it there for like 35 bucks or whatever. And I have been able to play some
matches online. There was a one night it was me extra Shane and Flaco were all playing some
matches and that was a lot of fun. So, you know, it's not like it was money wasted. Uh,
but it's kind of sucks. I'm having to go through the leveling up experience again, but
it's not like I got that far on PC anyway. I'm just, I'm just not very good at Overwatch
and I'm okay admitting that. I'm just, I'm really not that good at it, but it's still,
it's still fun to fly around and fire rockets even though everybody else is way better than I am.
But, um, yeah. So that was my experience with Overwatch. So that was my gaming week.
So we're going to get into the news for this week. Sorry, Brad from Pod Culture and chat over
at live.vognetwork.com says, uh, Sky, you got to get it for the Xbox one. No, I draw the line. No,
we're done. I'm sorry to the Xbox one owners and fans out there, but I can't. Maybe when it comes
down to 10 bucks, but maybe when it's 10 bucks, I'll finally get it on Xbox one. I would rather
they just figure out the cross play thing. I understand why they don't want to do it between
a PlayStation or Xbox and PC because of the whole keyboard and mouse versus controller thing,
which is dumb. They've actually done some balancing different on PlayStation four because
of it like Torbjorn's turret and Symmetra's things don't hit for as much damage as they do on PC
because they admit that people can't aim as well on PS4. Then add keyboard mouse support. Wouldn't
that be nice? Wouldn't that be so difficult with USB ports in the front of your stupid console
support or Bluetooth? I mean, you've got both of those built into both consoles. So what the fuck
is the problem? I think, I think they are worried that the keyboard mouse people would kill the
controller people. And I don't know, but anyway, but at least let the Xbox one and the PlayStation
four be cross play. I thought, I thought people were starting to play a little nicer in that
regard. What we have rocket league is now available on all across all platforms, right? I think so,
or it's getting there. They say it's going to be. So why can't we have this? Hopefully they figure
that all out before, before long enough. Let's see. SSG100 Matt says the keyboard mouse versus
controller argument is BS. Controller players have gotten just as good, if not better than
their keyboard mouse players. Yeah, it just, it really just all depends on what you're used to.
Like I, I'm not here to argue one is better than the other, but certainly I am really used to
keyboard mouse in Overwatch at this point. But it's, it does work both ways. Like when I play
Halo, I have to be, and you guys all love it when I talk about Halo. When I play Halo, it has to be
on a controller. It feels weird on a PC to me. Like just because that game is like an Xbox or
an Xbox 360 game, it is a controller game. I can't play it on PC. It feels weird. So anyway,
anyhow, that's enough for my gaming week. Uh, I don't really have a lot of housekeeping tonight,
so I'll just plug our Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. And we're also on Facebook,
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio. Uh, we're going to get into some news for now though.
Talk about that with you guys in our chat at live.vognetwork.com. So Loki, what's up first?
So holy cow, they've decided to actually do an update to No Man's Sky and it's actually a pretty
sizable free update. It's called the foundation update. It brings the game up to 1.1 and with it,
it adds a lot of new features, new game modes and you know, bug fixes. So one of the major things
that they added to it is, um, the beginning of base building. So you're actually going to be
able to create your own bases on planets and yeah, it's pretty cool. Um, you can even create
like farms in there. Um, some other cool stuff that they had, uh, with the base building. Um,
like I said, the farming, you can cultivate crops. Um, you can hire farmers and specialists to
research technology, stuff like that. Also, um, you can, the new game modes,
where they go along with it, they have basically broken up now the three game modes.
So there was a normal mode, which is like a normal, like exp, exploration type thing,
creative mode, which allows you to explore the universe without limits. And you can build a
large base. Does that mean it turns off those fucking sentries? I would love that. I would
love that too. I'm going to find out. Um, and survival mode, which is, um, much more
challenging, even less inventory slots. No, I'm actually speaking of inventory slots, which is
a relief. Um, they've actually made it now where you can stack up to five items per slot.
So it actually allows you to, you know, fix, you know, build a store, a lot more stuff on,
on your person or in your ship. Um, along with storage, they've also added the ability to
purchase, uh, freighters. So you can purchase a freighter and you can store your items there.
You can actually teleport or transport your items to the freighter and store cargo there. Um,
there's new technology to research. Um, they've redone the UI as well,
um, to kind of help along with all that stuff. Um, just also fix some of the, um,
you know, anti-aliasing motion blur, just like a whole bunch of stuff.
There's no small update. No, not at all. So, um, you know, that sounds, it looks pretty awesome.
So I may have to go check out the game now, you know, being that this is pretty sizable.
I mean, it's kind of what Alan and I were both saying this morning when we heard about this
update as I was kind of like, well, I really need to get the disc and put it in PlayStation
four and see what these changes are all about. And then Alan was saying the same thing cause
he owns it on PC. So, um, kind of interesting that this, this sort of showed up out of nowhere.
I mean, I know they did a blog post what yesterday or the day before,
but that was really the first time we've heard from hello games in weeks,
which was kind of a controversial decision of its own for them to go completely radio silent.
Yeah. They're also saying you can build like a base camp as well. So you can build
like a essential equipment on field or in the field on planet. They said, uh,
you can play safe points anywhere in the world for like survival mode, uh, automated harvesters
to gather resources. Um, waypoints communication terminals will allow explorers to leave subspace
messages for others to find. Um, yeah, I mean, it sounds pretty cool actually. Although it was
like the base building stuff, I'd almost make, it seems like you'd not want to leave your planet
that you're on at that point, you know, you're building a base there. So I don't know.
Yeah. That's well, I guess you can build teleporters to go back to your base. So as
long as the teleporter is two way, so you don't like lose your progress wherever you're at in
the world. And that sounds like it would be, um, pretty cool. Yeah. And I think with the stacking,
you know, like it sounds like they've solved a lot of it, the inventory problems like, you know,
with the freighters and with your bases and doing the teleporting and stuff like that. And plus
you being able to stack your inventory, hopefully that'll solve some of the things that were kind of
annoying. Yeah. But yeah, definitely those recon drone things that are fucking, you know, killing
you for mining stuff that needs to be addressed. So hopefully that's one of the things I didn't
read through all the patch notes, but maybe that creative mode or whatever. Cause I don't give a
shit. There there's no fucking story. We know that already. So there's no fucking story to worry
about. So just play casually. I think that'd be a lot better than who gives a shit about survival
mode. Uh, let's see. Going to chat at live.vognetwork.com. Dungeon Buster says, I want to
know the mechanism of how you get back to your home base when you're millions of miles away.
Space teleportation protocols. It's gotta be something like that. Um, yeah, let's see here.
Um, yeah, what basically they said, um, when you claim your home planet by finding an
uninhabited base or creating your own, um, you basically going to construct your shelter using
like a modular structure. They said you could recruit alien life forms. You can use the
terminus teleporters and the space stations to teleport, uh, to and from your base at will.
And you can expand your base with storage stockpile, you know, resources and whatnot. Um,
yeah. Uh, and in chat, they're pointing out vid power says no man's sky was $20 on Amazon on black
Friday. Crazy. So it's interesting cause they're pumping out all these features and you know,
the game is going to be a lot cheaper for people to jump into. Now also knows that it's discounted
right now on PlayStation network, but I couldn't see for how much cause I already bought it when
it came out. It's probably a similar type of reduction. Uh, the, uh, one other thing I want
to mention with the update that caught my eye was the communication hub thing where it sounds like
you're going to leave like communication beacons for other players. So it sounds like they are
trying to bridge that gap a little bit where they kind of got caught in the whole, like,
you're really not going to be able to see other people. Cause like the two people that were
streaming tried to find each other and they couldn't. Right. Yeah. So, but now it sounds
like you could leave mess. Again, I'm just inferring this from the patch notes. I don't
know what it really is, but it sounds like you can leave these calm mess. Are they going to be
able to find your base and stuff as well? Because is it just going to be, is it going to be
persistent on this other person's game or is it going to be just in your own? Is it going to be
notes like it is in demons souls or dark souls and like that? That's what I'm curious about. Like
leaving those messages behind. I don't know. Uh, anyway, uh, joining us on the show here,
uh, walking in as a guest, he can do it cause he lives here. Say hello everybody to Alan.
Hello. Hi Alan. How are you? I'm good. I saw you were commenting on the show and I,
I was hoping you were going to sit in for a little bit anyway. So I was just like, get in here,
make your comments live. Seeing the stuff about No Man's Sky kind of makes me want to start over.
Um, cause I mean, I, I don't want to say I got that far. I mean,
I had a good 20 or 30 hours on it. I mean, I had a ship with like 20 some slots out of the
max of 40 or whatever. So I was doing pretty well. But the problem that I had with the original game
was they wanted you to keep looking forward and explore at the expense of everything else.
You couldn't really make your way back to a planet that you visited before that you really
liked. You couldn't even set a waypoint really for a shop on a planet you are currently on
cause the planets are huge. You can explore them for literally dozens of hours. It's one of the
first stories that came out when the game was launched. So it's like, Oh, I need to sell all
this crap. And I know that I've been to at least two different depots on this planet and I haven't
left the planet. I can't make my way back to those depots because I've been explained for so much.
Like there's all this quality of life stuff that I want to see them fix before they put in the
whole like build a base element. Maybe that stuff was included. I don't know. I didn't look through
the patch notes that deeply, but I know they have like the save points, but good question.
Do they have something where you can build something to call your ship? Cause like,
well, they have that already. Some of those deep, well, you have to find a depot that has it.
You know what I mean? But can you maybe build one of those on demand? If you can build a base,
the fact that you could not name, cause you had to like, let's say you found a ship that was a
huge upgrade, but you had to basically rebuild it. Cause it was a, it was a wreck rather than
one you bought at a space station. You have to go run around and put all of these materials into it
to like restore, you know, everything about it, but then you can't give it a name. It's like,
guys, what are you thinking? You could like, you can name the planets and the little
chicken donkey grub dinosaur poopy head things and the plants and the little crickets that all
look the same, but you can't name the ship. It's like bizarre. That's a good point,
but you are going to check this out. Thanks to the update. Yeah. I kind of want to see,
cause there were some mods, uh, for no man's sky PC that were like quality of life stuff
to like made the way points that you could set bigger. And one that made the, um,
like if you were on a planet that had like 15 different life forms, the last one or two were
always the hardest to find because it was like, they only come out at night when it's stormy and
it's raining. Like those are the types of conditions. And then one tiny cave. Yeah. Yeah.
And I was like, I want it. Cause you, you get, you get a fair amount of credits if you can ID
all the planet, all the animals on a planet. So I had a mod that kind of increased the spawn rate.
So instead of having to look for four hours, that's not an exaggeration.
Instead of having to look for four hours, I would just have to look for like 30 to 45 minutes
for the last week. Have it where at least you can scan it like, Oh, new species discovered,
you know, and have it kind of highlight where it is in your scans. So at least you can kind of,
Oh, okay, there it is. You know, instead of like, Oh, Hey, there's something. Oh,
I've already found that. Oh, Hey, there's something else. Oh, I already found that one
as well. You can get it to show the red dot. Like if you, let's say there's a hill and there's a
bunch of animals on the other side of the hill. If you use your scanner to look for minerals,
you'll see green and red dots and red means it's an animal you haven't seen before.
That was in the base game. Oh, well that wasn't explained very well in the base game either.
But the thing, the thing that's frustrating though, is that it could be like, let's say
there's a goat with one horn and then a goat with two horns. It's still considered the same
species. So it doesn't count as a new, like you'll, you'll be like, Oh, you ID'd this
different flavor of the same animal, but it's not the one that you're looking for.
Cause you'll see a red dot and it's like, I found it. Oh my God. And it's like, no, it's just
a goat worm. That's kind of stupid looking. It's like his cousin. You found his cousin,
but you're what you're looking for is like a bird or something. Yeah. So there's all that stuff. I
don't, I don't know. It is. It is. I still think it's a really trippy, relaxing game.
Once they patched it on PC. So that actually ran well, it's really beautiful. The planets it
generates. Um, not to backtrack too much, but before we get to the next story, I kind of want
to ask you a little bit because I know you extensively mod your Skyrim game. Yes. So you
probably heard Loki's comments earlier about what his experience is. They have a mod to re-enable
official steam achievements. There's a mod to undo the mod. Right. But I'm playing a PlayStation
four, so. Oh, that's right. Oh, I keep forgetting the console. Steam's not a big deal because steam,
I think you could add mods to the steam workshop and it never would disable the anything. It would
just, you do whatever that you want. Steam workshop, which has mostly been abandoned.
The community, the mod community is still on nexus for the most part for the PC platform.
But, um, there is no integration with workshop for special edition yet. So if you go to steam
workshop for Skyrim and you click install, it's going to look for the OG Skyrim, which I think is
very silly. Yeah. They're mod system leaves a little something to be desired, but I do like
that even works on PlayStation four. It's kind of cool with PlayStation four. So what you do,
you can go to their website. Cause I thought that was the only way you could do is go to their
website and you can browse the mods and say, okay, mark this one, mark this one or whatever.
And then you go into your game, go in the mods and you download them, but you can also actually
search for them as well through the mod menu in the game. So you can go in the main menu,
look at the mods, they'll show you the top mods or popular ones and the ones you have,
you know, marked, and then you can download those and I'll show you which ones you have installed.
They'll give you the order that you have them installed because some need to go before the
other ones in order to not overwrite certain things or something like that. And so you have
a lot of control over it and they're really small downloads because you can't add assets to the
PlayStation four cause fucking Sony. Um, so it's really fast to get it working. It's just, um,
you know, a lot of times I'll have to like look at them like, what is that mod that I marked?
What does that do? You know? And we're like, Oh, we'll be like, Oh, this is a chest with stuff in
it. And it's like, okay, where was that chest again? It's like, I gotta find, gotta remember
where this is. Um, so I don't know. It works pretty well from what I've seen, but I'm,
you know, very limited because I can't do assets cause I don't have that on Xbox one.
I don't have an Xbox one. Yeah. Um, I imagined the load order cause like if
mods step on each other's toes and just the tiniest bit, it's like, make sure you load
this mod after this one and this one so that this one gets priority. And on PC there's a program
called loot, which is load order optimization tool. And it will read through all the plugins
and take all, take care of all of that for you. And I can't imagine on console having 30 or 40
mods and being new to mods in the first place because I mean, you know, PC mods Loki, but the
average console user that's never owned a gaming PC isn't to be like, Oh, you need to sort the
order that you load these in. That's kind of like a power user thing to me. Right. Thankfully,
all the mods that I get are really small. So like there'll be just adding more magic spells or
something like that. And so it's not necessarily something that's going to affect a lot of, they
don't really interact with each other too much. And so I've lucked out there, but there are some
where like, Oh, if you're loading this on there, you need to make sure this is at the bottom or
this is lower than this. So, I mean, it kind of at least explain that for you, but, um, yeah,
I mean, it still crashes. I've had a crash about four times already. And it just, it's usually when
it's loading dialogue, it's kind of weird. And I had an animation mod that I loaded up for Rob
and I said, Hey Rob, look at this. And I casted a spell on my follower and he started to twerk
like actual twerking. And you were like, you were like, you're like uninstall, uninstall steam,
uninstall Skyrim. This is what you spend all your mod time doing. This is, this is when I see you
in that, that, that big chart where I'm like, are you doing work right now on a Saturday night? And
you're like, no, this is the mod management thing. And I'm like, it looks like work.
So, and uh, yeah, I'm like, that's what you spend all your hours. And then I casted another spell
where they legit do Michael Jackson's thriller dance with like the twitch of the neck and then
the arms go out and then shuffle, slide foot, the whole thriller dance. And I was like, it's
animation mod. I just cast a spell on him and I reload my save blocked reported. Yeah. Anyway,
um, well, another system that you might get to play with Skyrim mods on, it sounds like it's
going to be the Nintendo switch. Obviously I'm taking a big leap there, but here's what really
happened this week is that obviously we've seen that Skyrim is there in the switch teaser video.
A lot of people spotted Skyrim there and said, Oh, does this mean Skyrim is on the switch?
They showed it like five times. Yeah. Like maybe not saying anything. It's like, Oh, come on.
Well, but what was interesting and what happened this week is that Todd Howard from Bethesda
spoke to a gaming publication, a new one called Glixel, uh, talking about the, uh, Skyrim footage
that was on the switch. Uh, and you know, they asked, what do you think of the switch? And,
uh, Todd Howard said, I love it. I got to play it. I'll tell you. Well, maybe that's an NDA thing.
One of the best demos I've ever seen, probably the best demo I've ever seen at E3. Uh, and then,
uh, was it a Nintendo game? I mean the device itself. I think it's really smart what they're
doing. We're definitely going to be supporting it. It's the first time we've done something on
Nintendo. If you don't count the old NES stuff home alone or where's Waldo. Don't worry. Nobody
counts that stuff, but then can you really bring Skyrim with you on the go? And the answer is it's
the same game on the TV and on the other screen. Oops. He didn't say that it wasn't happening or
that we haven't announced Skyrim on it yet. He gave an answer that said, it's the same on the TV
and on the portable screen. So kind of, kind of confirmed something we pretty much already
assumed. I was going to say, I don't know if it's a mystery or mystery because it was literally in
the, yes, but Nintendo came back right after that and said, none of the games you see should
be considered an announcement or anything like that, you know? And I think they're speaking
more of their first party stuff, but yeah, I think most of us were like, okay, we know Skyrim is on
this thing. But one thing I wanted to say with all this is that, I mean, it's not like Minecraft and
the Ouya. Yeah. This is okay. This is one of those things where it's like, is this necessarily
a good thing though? And I think I said this when the footage was first unveiled, is that Skyrim is
kind of last year's news. And I understand that a lot of you are still into it and really play it
and so forth. I'm not like trying to be disrespectful. It's 2011's news. Exactly. Yeah.
It's news from a long time ago. This was part of what hurt the Wii U. This was a big part of what
hurt the Wii U, is gaming companies thought, oh, we can put a year old game on the Nintendo console
and people will buy it. And they didn't because for most people, the Wii U was the secondary
console, if any console, to the PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360. They could launch it though. And it would
really only be a six month old title because it's going to be, you know, it's Skyrim remastered.
So it's remastered. It's not that old. And honestly, I mean, yeah, it's old, but it's still
entertaining. It's a long ass game. It's very good value for your purchase. I'm not saying it's a bad
game or anything by that means. I mean, it will, it will be something that definitely is, oh, it'll,
to see a game like that in Nintendo's lineup will definitely make it. It'll fill the void until
Skyrim, you know, the next Elder Scrolls game comes out. Yeah. But I just, you know, again,
I hope Bethesda is working on something else, something newer as well, and not going to judge
the Wii, or not going to judge the Switch by a game that's five years old finally coming
out on a Nintendo platform. Most of the people that are buying the Switch probably already have
played Skyrim one place or another. That's just, that's just my biggest concern. Or what are they
going to do with Skyrim that hasn't been done before? Make it portable? Obviously that's going
to be the big thing, but is that going to be enough? Maybe, maybe for some people. I don't know, if it was
Mass Effect 3 you'd be buying it anyway, so. That's different and you know it. It's not different, it's
exactly the same. I didn't actually buy Mass Effect 3 right away. Remember, I didn't buy it on Wii U till
it was $12. So, you know. Well, if they come out at $29.99, which is what I purchased it at for the sale,
I think that's a pretty good deal. I think that'd be a really easy sell. All right, well, I, we'll, we'll see
what happens with Skyrim on the Switch now that we practically have confirmation that it's happening
short of. I mean, that's pretty exciting because I, you know, I don't know. That'd be a game I'd play on
the Switch if I picked one up. I'd have to see what else is coming out for, but I mean, I like
the idea because my laptop just doesn't run it very well. I mean, it runs it okay, I guess, but
it would be nice having that screen and everything. Some support in our chat over at
live.vognetwork.com. Brad from Pod Culture says, what isn't Skyrim on at this point? Well, a Nintendo
platform would be the answer. Dark Tetsuya says, hell, I'm at least considering Skyrim on Switch.
And Dungeon Buster says, as much as I love Skyrim, there are a lot of other RPGs to get into
nowadays. Dark Tetsuya says, what if they did what Bayonetta did and add some Nintendo themed
exclusives? And I'm just thinking like, that just seems like it would be really out of place. I've
seen that and it's not pretty. In a Skyrim game. I guess I'm sure, I'm sure Alan could tell you about
the total conversion that they have for like, you know, the Mushroom Kingdom stuff. Have you seen
that for Skyrim? Oh, um. I know, I've even heard of this. It doesn't look good. Yeah, I think
there's also a Minecraft conversion where Skyrim looks like, yeah. But I'm just like, what Nintendo
stuff would go into Skyrim? Like not Mario, maybe some Zelda stuff, maybe Fire Emblem or something
a little more. Skyrim had the Portal 2 crossover mod where the space, where the space companion
that was funny fell and you just put him in your house and he was like space, I'm gonna go space,
and then you could have a giant knock him into space. Like that's the only tie. And then I
remember you showing me that. That's like barely a helmet out of, that's like barely any content.
I mean, you pick a lot of mushrooms in Skyrim. So yeah, just put red and white mushrooms in there.
That's ridiculous. How about roll a million goombas down a hill instead of cabbages? Yeah,
that would be worth it. All right, moving on. Loki. All right, so this is a game that's been out for
a while now and I wish we'd get mod support on PlayStation 4 as well. Saints Row 4, they're
finally getting official mod support with the same workshop. So you'll be able to download mods
through that instead of the roundabout way that they have right now. But they have had mod support
for the game for quite a while now. Actually Saints Row 3rd and even Saints Row 2. But now
this will be a slightly easier way to do it and you can check that out. And they've also, I guess,
have it on sale. I mean, they always have it on sale. It's been all over the place. In fact,
I think I just recently uninstalled it on my PlayStation 4 because I need to make room for
Final Fantasy 15. But yeah, I would like to play mods on the PlayStation 4. So what mods can we
expect to see besides nude mods? Because that I'm sure is the first thing that'll be out.
Well, let's see. I'm trying to think what they had on like just the non PC stuff. They had like
tweaks for some of the games to make them not so difficult. Like the mini games, some of them are
kind of, you know, frustrating. So they have those. They have adding some of the stuff that was in
Enter the Dominatrix. So there's like some added stuff you can add there for that. They had
I'm trying to think what else. Like different companions you can get. You can do new cars.
I mean, they have all sorts of crazy stuff for it. Different weapons. I don't know. Yeah,
yeah. There's new mods and, you know, make your breasts extremely large mods and stuff like that.
Old goody. Maybe, maybe Alan will find some mods where they can dance and twerk and do thriller.
They already do that. They do the Carlton and all sorts of stuff. Yeah. Saints Row four. They
already do all that stuff. I would like a new Saints Row game. I'm not a huge fan of four and
wasn't enter. Um, was it gotten the hell was all right or out of hell. Um, but I would like a new
Saints Row game for better or worse. I don't see why they won't do one. They will eventually. I
just don't know what it's going to be. It may not necessarily be Saints Row five. It could be a
reboot. Well, they've got that one game that volition is working on now. That's not Saints
Row, but it's got some Saints Row elements in it with all the superheroes. Yeah. With all the,
like, yeah, that now looks okay, but I want an actual Saints Row game. I liked Stoppy's comment
in chat over at live.vog.network.com. I was about to say Saints Row feels like one massive mod
turned into a game. It kind of does. It is. Yeah. For me is basically a massive mod on three. I
mean, I don't know. It was just in Gata out of hell was kind of a reskin of four. I mean, I don't
know. All right. Well, moving on to a story about Ubisoft and the way that they plan to approach
DLC in the future. Um, there was an interview with gi.biz where the vice president of live operations
and Blondeljuin, I hope I said that name right. Um, talking about some of the recent things that
they've learned from a game like Rainbow Six Siege about how DLC for, you know, other Ubisoft games
should work going forward. Uh, in, uh, for those that are not familiar with Rainbow Six Siege,
um, you only have to pay for content in the game, which customizes characters or buying new ones.
The maps themselves end up being free, which isn't always the case in other online shooters
where you have to pay for the maps. Um, some quotes here from again, the VP of live operations
monetization is something we have to be very careful about. And my team is in charge of that
and making sure we find the right balance. If it's not adding something on top of the actual
experience of the game, then it is no good because you'll be asking for money for the wrong reasons.
Also, if the content is compulsory for the gamers, it's no good as well. It wouldn't work.
It is a way to deliver more fun to gamers, but they have a choice to go for that extra fun or
not. No more DLC that you have to buy. If you want to have the full experience, you have the
game. And if you want to expand it, depending on how you want to experience the game, you're free
to buy it or not. The way we monetize Rainbow Six is that people are happy about the new characters
and they can customize them with weapons and charms. But even if they don't do it,
they'll have the exact same experience of the other gamers. So, um, kind of a common theme
we're seeing in a lot of, uh, games these days is that a lot of the stuff they're tending to sell,
especially in games that really focus in the online realm. I mean, this goes from everything
from like in the MMO space, World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy 14 to something like Overwatch,
is that a lot of the things that they sell on top of the base game is cosmetics. It's new skins,
it's new pets, it's new, you know, shinies, but it's nothing that's going to fundamentally change
the game. Uh, again, Overwatch being an example of that. When they release new characters like Sombra
or they do a new map like Antarctica, it's out there for everybody. They don't charge for that,
but they figure they'll make money off those loot boxes for people that must have that Sombra
introduction where she hacks somebody else's play of the game, which is actually really funny if
you haven't seen it. So, um, I guess I, I think that's a good thing. I, I, you know,
I kind of liked that idea that I'm not going to be paying more money for something that's,
should be a part of the main game, but the cosmetic stuff. All right. If it's something
I'm into, cool. Otherwise, yeah, you know, take it or leave it. So, all right, moving on.
All right. So, uh, with the steam sale this time, they introduced the steam awards. So it's
basically a way to nominate certain games for different categories. Um, so some of the
categories that they have, uh, the test of time award, the I'm not crying, there's something in
my eye award, the just five more minutes award, the whoa dude award, the villain most in need
of a hug award, the game within a game award, the I thought this game was cool before it won
an award award, uh, the best use of a farm animal award and the we didn't think of everything award.
Um, there was also one I saw that was like the most, um, what was it like they're saying like,
uh, need of a sequel or something like that. Cause I know people have been nominating
half-life to episode two for that kind of stuff. I'm wondering if I think you can actually make
your own award. That's where that's happening. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, that, yeah, you can
participate that now they're in the steam autumn sale. Um, that's going to be running through the
29th. So a couple more days on that. I don't know. Is it just me or does it all feel kind
of really uninspiring? Like, I don't know what it is. Like the steam, the steam sales used to
be really awesome. Like the last one I remember that was really cool was the one with the little
mini game with the robots that was the cookie clicker type game. That was cute. I mean,
it wasn't their best, but it was cute. And they had some other stuff, you know, before that,
that was kind of cool. But this one just feels, I don't know, like, Oh yay. Another awards thing.
And especially awards that are completely like ridiculous. You know what I mean? Like nothing
really, you know, of substance, it just feels very bleh to me now, granted. I don't think the
autumn sale is supposed to be one of their biggest sales, even though black Friday is like, but, but
we're what less than a month, probably tell the holiday sale, which will be their big one. So
that's why I'm kind of like, all right, maybe I'm judging this too harshly because usually there's
nothing with the autumn sale if memory serves me right. Any of their big stuff would be taken away
from it a little bit. Cause there used to be a lot of, you know, um, interest in these sales
is because now they don't do the rotating days with different deals. It's just all at once. And
so you kind of take a look at it and you're like, eh, where it's like, he wants each day.
It keeps you coming back to the store and keeps you, but then people also complain,
Oh, I missed what I was looking for. And you know, I, and so I see that side of it,
but at the same time, yeah, when you, when you put it all out there all at once like that,
it's kind of like, Oh, okay. Well, this was, you know, this wasn't as exciting as I'd hoped.
Yeah. Cause you know, you don't, you know, that it's not just not going to get any better than
that. Uh, SSU 100 Matt saying, uh, the autumn sale was always just a tease for the winter sale.
And I suppose that's true. I suppose that's true. Vidpower says, why don't they just call the autumn
sale their black Friday sales since it only takes place during most of black Friday weekend. That's
a good question. Why don't they just call it what everybody else called it? Um, let's see. Uh,
stop. He says, I do like how alien isolation is getting nominated for the villain and most
need of a hug award. I'm sure I'm sure the online communities like Reddit and Twitter and all that
stuff are coming up with these ridiculous ideas for nominations that we'll probably see win.
Cause otherwise there's so many games on steam. I can't imagine really goat simulator should win
for best use of a farm animal. That was a good point. I think I nominated like stardew valley
or something, but you're right. Goat simulator is a good, good call. Maybe I'll have to consider
going back and changing my answer. Uh, one game that I've been very, I have to admit,
I've been very tempted with during the black Friday sales. So I just haven't,
I haven't pulled the trigger on buying it yet, but I'm very, very tempted on street fighter five.
Cause you know, the street fighter five has been getting some deep discounts during black Friday,
uh, and street fighter five, you know, some people are wondering like, is this is, you know,
how long is this going to go on? Did the game flop? You know, cause I don't think it's sold
and we've reported on this before. I don't think it's sold as strongly as they'd hoped in the
beginning. Um, you know, are they gonna, are they going to move on to street fighter six
or something else? Well, that doesn't seem to be the case because, uh, in an interview that
Yoshinori Ono did with Japanese magazine Famitsu, uh, he's basically saying that the company is
still planning ahead to support the game as far as 2020, uh, saying that there's still work to
be done to solidify street fighter five as an e-sports title. Um, so yeah, saying that they're
going to continue to support this through 2020. And we're very likely to see more about this plan
at the PlayStation experience because the Capcom cup is happening with the PlayStation experience,
which is this coming weekend. I can't believe, Oh my gosh, I can't believe it's like already here.
A buddy of mine was really trying to get me to go. And it's like Anaheim is the type of thing
that I could road trip him back in a weekend, but I'm just like, Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
It's just, I don't know if I could do it. I just, I'm just tripped out at this point from all the
different and I have magfest coming up in a few weeks. So, uh, which I can't believe that's what
like six weeks away is magfest. So it's, you know, I got all this other stuff going on, but I know
the PlayStation experience are going to get a lot of news out of that, uh, including whatever,
probably the future of street fighter five looks like, which probably new characters,
new stages. I'm sure we'll see plenty of that. Yep. Loki. So another thing that's coming around
the corner is, you know, the game awards, um, and the game awards, well, they've got a category this
year. That's the best fan creation. And with that, they had four nominees, but now it's actually
whittled down to two titles and a couple of these have been pulled. The two tiles have been pulled
Pokemon uranium and project AM2R or for those who don't know what AM2R is, it's the, another Metroid
2 remake and, um, kind of coincidental that both of those are Nintendo titles and had cease and
desist against them. So, um, thanks Nintendo for ruining half of those, uh, nominations.
The other two though, who's a big sponsor of the game awards, by the way. Uh, yeah. So the,
the other two titles that aren't left, um, to be nominated for brutal doom 64 and end reel,
the shards of, uh, order, which I have no idea what that is based on. I know why, I mean,
I know what doom is, but I don't know if the other game is a fan game of surprise,
not any Sonic fan games there, because that's what I was thinking was that, that, um, 3d one
look kind of cool. That was the first thing I thought is that when I was like, okay, well,
Nintendo doesn't support these fan remakes. I was like, well, I'm surprised there's no Sonic remakes
in there because Sega is supportive of that stuff. And we'll probably love it if a Sonic game won
this award. So, uh, that did kind of surprise me, but obviously it's probably too late to replace
a nominee. Like I don't think you could fairly do that. Um, but that does kind of suck that those
two got pulled. I mean, I understand. No, I don't understand. I mean, come on. I just say,
I understand how it happened. I'm not saying I understand why it happens because it's fucking
Nintendo. I don't understand that. I don't like their approach, how they take, you know, not only
people promoting their games. Like I think the whole Nintendo thing with YouTube and how you
have to be like a, you know, an official, you have to pay money to do that. So I think that's
fucking stupid. It's such a backwards way to think as a company, I think. And that the kind
of that stuff right there just really kind of gives me doubt on, you know, all this awesome
stuff that we think is going to happen with the Switch because yeah, a lot of this potentially
could be awesome because it's done on other platforms, but Nintendo also likes to fuck
things up for some reason. They like to do things their own way. And I'm, I don't know. I'm, I don't
like it. Uh, vid power and chat wants you to know Loki enderall is like an unofficial expansion
pack to Skyrim. So, I mean, that's kind of cool. Like an Uber mod for Skyrim, basically.
There's a bunch of those now. Yeah. There's the forgotten city. There's moon path to elsewhere,
like full voiced campaigns that are hours long. Wow. Yeah. That's pretty cool that people build
that. So that's cool that at least one of that, one of those is getting recognized. So it'll be
that or doom. See now the Switch, here's how you, I heard how you make the Skyrim on the Switch
fucking awesome. You, you allow that mod support and you allow it with the, you know, the new
media along with it. So not this PlayStation four way of doing things, but I'm talking like
X-Box one or PC that'll get you some mileage on that game. We'll see, uh, stopping and chat. I'm
talking about, you know, Nintendo's a lockdown on this. Stop. He says, Mark my words, the
Switch's equivalent of the share button will be a relinquish all rights to Nintendo button.
I'm very curious. You know, a lot of people are assuming there's going to be a share button of
some sort on the Switch, you know, because that's basically where we're at now with games is the
very social element, but how much control is Nintendo going to put on that? I'm very curious
to see. I think it's stupid. And you know what? The answers will be here in January. You know
what? And it's, it's, I hope that the Switch does well, but you know, if the Switch doesn't do well,
that might least maybe consider have them consider re you know, changing their stance on that stuff.
If the Switch doesn't do well, Nintendo may be done with hardware. Uh, I'm fine with that.
They may be done with home hardware. Yeah. I mean, they're not leaving there. There's always going
to be a 3DS. Nintendo still has a lot of cash in the bank, but if the Switch also tanks in the way
that the Wii U did, um, I'm not so sure Nintendo will have another chance to do the home market. So,
but we'll see. I mean, who knows? I mean, Nintendo could also, I mean, you look at something like the
classic NES doing very well. So maybe Nintendo will milk the nostalgia thing for a few years.
Who knows? Who knows? To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, chalk. But anyway, speaking of milking nostalgia,
something we love to do here at Orange Lounge Radio every week, we take a trip down memory lane
with a segment we call the classic game of the week. And usually Dark Sakura walks in here every
week to pick a game that she thinks is worthy of being in the archives of a classic video game
that, hey, you kids should drop all your, drop your fancy Final Fantasy 15s and play this instead.
But unfortunately she's sick, but, uh, we brought in a special guest commentator here this week,
Alan, to choose a game for us instead. So Alan, what is the classic game of the week this week?
The classic game of the week is Rock and Roll Racing for the Super Nintendo and Genesis
by Silicon and Synapse Studios, now known as Blizzard Entertainment.
There you go, a little loading screen here. This game, uh, came out in June of 93,
uh, was a ton of fun. I know in particular, Rob, the conventions that we used to go to in our youth
group where we would hook a, I mean, when I say we, I mean, the group of people I was with,
we didn't know each other back then, even though we were at these same events. We hooked up a NES
to the hotel TV and we played Rock and Roll Racing, I think for like two and a half days
straight. The NES was just never turned off. Like we just played it and played, which is,
which is what you do when you're 14. Which said convention was always Black Friday weekend,
so good timing on your part. You gotta wonder if they're still using the same
hotel and everything for that all these years later.
So, um, this game was published locally by Interplay Entertainment back before, um,
Blizzard was really its own juggernaut. Uh, the playable characters in it, or for what the game
is, it's obviously, it's a racing game that's very combat oriented, maybe a little bit more
combat focused than Super Mario, which of course has Super Mario Kart, which does have a combat
element. Um, it has four or five licensed songs in it. Um, I believe in 2013 or 2014 on the
battle.net site, you can play a demo of Rock and Roll Racing, but the licensed music has been
MIDI-ized because of course those licensing agreements have long since run out and they
don't want to, um, you know, pay to license Bad at the Bone and Johnny Gun and all that stuff again.
Uh, the playable characters are Cyberhawk, Ivan Zephyr, um, Cyberhawk is kind of like a
weird sort of Batman clone. Uh, Ivan Zephyr looks like Chewbacca. Jake Badlands is like a cyberpunk
with like the Mohawk. Uh, Katarina Lyons is a cat girl. Damn furries always ruin everything.
Stop it. Uh, no, I'm kidding. Uh, Olaf, Olaf the Stout is from the Lost Vikings. That was
Blizzard's Easter egg is that he was in there. Right. Um, and Snake Sanders kind of looks like
the sort of blonde Gaston, like Dudley Do-Right type character. And then there was Tarquin,
who looks like the gay elf from Drawn Together. So which of these characters will be the next hero
in Overwatch? That's, yeah. Uh, this is a franchise that, and actually reading up about
this game, I didn't know that it had, um, they aren't really official sequels, both in name
and the fact that Blizzard didn't, um, create them interplay, put them out saying this is an extension
of this rock and roll racing IP. But I, I don't remember much about either one of them. But this
character, by the way, looks straight like an orc right out of Warcraft. Yeah. Or Slimer. He looks
across between orc and Slimer from Ghostbusters. Yeah. Wow. Um, one of the fun things about this
game is that it had compressed voice narration for, so Tarquin takes the lead, um, or she's
gonna blow when your car's about to blow up. And at the time, obviously, when it was still
kart gaming, you know, this was, I remember, I'm trying to think of when this came out in relation
to Super, Super Metroid, which had, you know, the, the galaxy is at peace, that was over part
at the beginning. So hearing voice that didn't sound like total garbage in a kart game was still
kind of undiscovered, um, territory. So that element of it was awesome. Uh, it played really well.
No real kart stutter or frame rate lag. Uh, you could buy upgrades for your car. I believe the, the
most expensive car that you could get was like a hover car. Like it was on a, um, it didn't have
wheels. It sort of glided, but that wasn't the best car. The best car was this, the, um, this,
the second to best, which was the, uh, the one with, uh, like triangular, like treadmill wheels,
because it could make really sharp corners. Uh, so yeah, you can hear the, the, um, announcer
through the YouTube. Let me see if I can find the soundtrack for it. I was just to say real quick,
um, one of the thing about this game is that it's basically RC Pro-Am. Yeah, it was originally,
um, let me find it here. Was it supposed to be a sequel to ours? I mean, actually it was,
it was, um, specked out and budgeted to be an RPM racing sequel. Oh, interesting. But then some
point halfway through that interplay got all of the licensed music. And from then it became,
um, Oh, let's put Olaf, the Viking in this let's create, let's create the whole like
galaxy racer outer space thing. So yeah, it was originally specked as being a sequel to RPM
racing, but then through development, it became a entirely separate and probably I'm not familiar
with RPM racing. I imagine it was a classic, but there's just so much style to this game.
And it's sort of strange to me that, well, I mean, Blizzard also had Blackthorn, I think,
which is a game they made when they were a baby company that has absolutely like,
they haven't touched that IP. They probably never will. That style of game doesn't really sell
anymore, but this is something from their vault that they don't necessarily deny exists, but you
really have to dig for the fact that they made this at Blizzcon. I don't know if they still do
it, but they used to do it at Blizzcon. They would have a Blizz arcade type of thing that was like
their classics that you could play a Blizzcon and this game would always be there hooked up
as would, you know, the other stuff you mentioned, uh, lost Vikings, especially their older stuff.
But yeah, I don't, I don't see Blizzard revisiting this anytime soon, but I guess you never know.
Also lost Viking has Easter eggs and I think vanilla. Wow. There was that. What, what was the
old them? They show up. Yeah. You're right. I think it, yeah. Old war, I think is the name
of the instance that they show up in. Yeah. So they're there. And also of course,
one or more of the Vikings are in Heroes of the Storm. So the lost Vikings gets all of the credit
as being the vintage Blizzard game, but rock and roll racing is also, um, one of the, one of the
things in there. Um, a sequel to the original rock and roll racing was made for the 32 bit PlayStation
console by interplay. The game was sold in Europe as rock and roll racing to red asphalt. I've
literally never heard of this. I found, I found that out while reading up on what my classic pick
was. Yeah. I don't think it was a very good game from what I heard. Um, released December 16th,
2013 a motor rock is a game that was developed and published by yard team on steam. It featured many
elements, including art assets from the original game and some additional content.
It was originally named rock and roll racing. 3d development was started in June, 2009,
and it had an Indiegogo campaign. It was pulled from the steam store due to copyright infringement
from Blizzard because of course it was, um, it's for a fan project to just like, be like,
Oh, this is a sequel to the game. And a ton of like of assets are taken wholesale from the
original. It seems a bit silly. Um, but apparently since, uh, then yard team sells a game steam keys
through their website. So I may have to check that out. Um, and I still cannot find in this.
You'd think I would have discovered it. Like I would have had it prepped before it was my
turn to talk about this, what the soundtrack was, but it was the, um,
um, bad to the bone born to be wild playing right now. Did it have the spy Hunter song theme song
in it too? Johnny, I'm trying to think, I feel like it did. Peter gun is the Peter gun is the,
yeah, that song. Yeah. So it did kind of get repetitious, but the game was so fun because
it was only the same three or four songs over and over again. And the voiceover announcer also was
kind of repetitious, but the game play was so smooth and fun and incredible that, you know,
when you were 14 playing this game at four in the morning, it was, it was a good old time.
And I recommend if you were into combat based, I was like, why, when did Samuel L. Jackson get
into the game? Sorry. I had an ad pop up and I got it. I changed browsers today on the studio
computer, so I haven't been able to do all the ad blocking stuff. And I know twisted metal was
its own beast, but if you're really into those combat, like racers with a heavy combat element
where you're shooting missiles and cars, and it's really not even about who races the best,
but who can get the best shot in to blow up your opponents and just take the lead. Definitely check
this game out. So I found the song list for you. Okay. To the bone born to be wild highway star
paranoid and the Peter gun theme. Yes. Yeah. I think paranoid was a fit. That's black Sabbath,
right? Yeah. So yeah, um, for this Ness and Genesis came out June, 1993 rock and roll.
Awesome. Great pick. Thank you. Uh, there it is your classic game of the week. Rock and roll
racing. Dark soccer. I would have approved if she was here. Actually I swore up and down. She'd
already picked it, but I think we just had a side discussion of it one time when the blizzard thing
came up in the battle net, uh, and they were doing the whole revival. Cause I know that dark Tetsuya
is on it. He's probably already updated the Wiki right now with this game. I searched for blizzard.
I searched for rock. I searched for racing. It was not there. It's not there. It's not there. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I I'm always surprised that she'll find some games. She's like, can you believe I've never
liked silent Hill last week? Like really? She never done silent Hill before. Oh, cause she's
done two, three and four, but she's never done the original. So there it is anyway. Yeah. Lots
of classic games. You know, we're up to over 400 classic games. This has been, this segment has
been going since episode two 50 classic game of the week was not always here on the show.
Um, it was the website of the week. Uh, yeah. And then it was something else before that.
It was advice column that this one comes from the podcast days, not the original original life.
There's five show. So yeah, it was the advice column. Then the website of the week and now the
classic game of the week. Um, and yeah, this one's been going strong since episode two 50. So yeah,
over 400, I would say unique classic games of the week, but there have been a couple repeats
on accident. She has accidentally repeated a game a couple of times, but it's still not a bad track
record for over 400 episodes. So anyway, uh, let's see a dark to see a giving credit where credit is
due that AJ mix actually does a lot of those updates. Uh, Alan, just so you're aware on the
Wiki anyway, uh, we're gonna take a quick break. Uh, when we come back, there's plenty more orange
lounge radio to come, including rapid fire news. What's in stores this week and some more news and
your calls at orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype. We will get to all that when we come
back with more of orange lounge radio right after this. Welcome back everybody to orange lounge
radio live tonight with episode number 667 for this November, the 27th of 2016, our show already
in progress. Um, Alan has retired, uh, to back into his, uh, office to go play some more Skyrim
or whatever game he's working on, but we thank him for sitting in on part of the show. He might
come back a little bit later. He did a good job of the classic game of the week. Um, I wish I'd
waited to do this on air, but during the break, I realized that Loki had yet to have crystal Pepsi
since the 1990s. And, uh, it, the crystal Pepsi came back in stock all of a sudden on the Amazon
pantry on black Friday. So I had a pretty substantial coupon because my PlayStation pro
I was in Chicago when the pro came out. Right. So I just had it shipped normal speed. So they
gave me a pretty good coupon for pantry. So long story short, I ordered and I had to get like an
eight pack of crystal Pepsi to, to get delivered here, uh, to, to get any of it. Cause Alan had
never had it either. So he finally tried it last night. And during the break, Loki had some crystal
Pepsi for the first time. Was it, was everything you remember from the nineties? Um, I don't
remember it being very good in the nineties and this is okay. It's just, um, uh, it's kind of
disturbing not seeing it caramel colored. Um, and it's just also, it's like, it's like how you
imagine diet, you know, when they replace the sugar with like sweetener, except they replaced
it with like more sugar or something like that. And so it's like incredibly sugary sweet. Like,
I feel like drinking this, I'm still going to do it is going to make me sick later to my stomach.
Well, that's sick to myself, but like, it's going to be like, oh, I'm going to,
yeah, sugar coma. That's cool. Like I can be awake.
Drink it slowly. Um, I would think maybe that's going to be a great mixer for something like,
uh, vodka or something that might be a place to use that. Then it's going to be like completely
clear alcoholic drink. That'll get me messy. Um, well, no, not vodka, but like, you know,
staying awake. Um, I've been trying to work on, I went back to working on, um, my car game again,
so hopefully since everybody's been bothering me about, um, where'd you beat the car game?
Like someone to work on something else. It's like, fine. There you go. So I went back to
working on that again. Um, but I got to rebuild everything. It's going to be from scratch. So
yep. Uh, Brad from pod culture says guy, Hey, geek cuisine is our thing. Sorry. Sorry. My
friends over at pod culture, but just, I just tell them that like, I totally forgot I should
order a case of surge because that's really, that was my thing. I don't remember that at all. I
remember having it back in like high school, but I don't, we had it. Remember I used to, well,
cause I had gotten a job at Qs are cause I played laser tag and honestly got a job there for the
free games. Cause they give you like 20 games a month for free or something like that. Plus you,
whatever you want. So that was why I worked there for like minimum wage. Uh, but yeah,
search machine there. And so I used to get surge all the time, you know, playing keys,
art and stuff. And I love that stuff. It's so good. But then they'll make it anywhere.
That's the other nineties thing. I want to make a comeback as cues are, I'm sure you,
you much more than me. Oh yeah. Unfortunately that's never going to happen just because,
um, does it still exist? Like it does still exist. It's the, the closest location to us.
I think they have one Vacaville things still going and then conquered is the other one. Um,
those are the two closest in Pleasanton, but it's just a lot of the, unfortunately the,
like the people that own, like the Qs are franchise originally like the rights to
everything. They sold it off. And then like, there's a guy named will low who had like 300
packs from all these different clothes locations. And I think those have been sold off, but they
have another company now in the UK. I want to say that's making the parts again for those. Um,
I honestly thought it was like the best laser tag that they had out there. Cause I played quite a
few of them and I thought that one was the most fun. There's a lot of like, well, they're not
indie, but they're like other systems. Then they just, they don't call them. It's like,
branded the same one of the bowling alley golf land has one. There's a specific laser tag place
in Carmichael, the laser castle thing. Yeah. They've got lots of like these systems where
they just rebrand their own laser tags thing. But Qs are, was more of like a franchise that
was like across the world. So that was like, well, none of these still have Qs are locations
like in the UK and Australia and stuff like that. And now I feel too old for Qs are like,
I don't want to play against a bunch of teenagers. Really good exercise. I would be doing it
honestly. Like if it was still around, I would probably be doing that every weekend. Um,
cause it's fun. I had a lot of fun with it. See, you know what, this is where I'm missing out.
I should, I should have an Amazon referral link for the show because now all these people in
chat are like, Hey, the crystal Pepsi is still on prime pantry. I gotta get, and now they're
sharing a link with you for surge is apparently there on Amazon. I know it's on Amazon. I just,
I'm not ordering it cause I don't need a case of surge. I mean, try explaining that to the wife.
I don't need to explain to the wife. I've got like, I've got two cases of like
red bull at my desk at work. So that's fine. That's true. I mean, whatever. And I'd surge
is good, but like the new, the, the new one that they have now is not the exact same as
the old one. It's slightly different. Um, flavor wise. So that's unfortunate. If it was exactly
the same, it'd be pretty awesome. But I would say crystal Pepsi is very similar. It's not the same.
Yeah. From what I remember, like soda is different in a can versus a bottle. It is,
and I've had it in a can. I have had the last time I had crystal Pepsi and I only tried it once was
in a can. I was like, Nope, don't like that. I liked it when it was. Um, so I had it in a can
in, um, surge. I used to always get it in a bottle, but yeah, you're right. It does taste
differently. I Pepsi is Pepsi is actually good pretty much in anything except I think the fountains
actually the weakest for Pepsi. Whereas Coke tastes the best out of a fountain, especially
a fountain that doesn't, you know, regulate the amount of carbonated water versus syrup and has
way too much syrup. Yeah. Or even those Coke 360 machines, they get all like the, like little
citrusy flavors in there because it's all mixed together. Yep. That's good. All right. Anyhow,
we can talk about soda all night, but we got to get back to video games with some rapid fire news.
Loki, what do you have for us? So we've got our first taste of what's going to be coming out for
games with gold in December and it's actually a pretty awesome lineup. So, um, for Microsoft
on the Xbox one, you're going to be getting, um, let's see here, uh, sleeping dogs. That's
going to be like the definitive edition and then also outlast. And then on three 60,
you're going to be getting a via backwards compatibility, burnout paradise and Outland.
So that's a pretty fantastic lineup right there. Burnout paradise and sleeping dogs. I mean,
yeah, that's a pretty killer lineup. Burnout paradise. I'm really looking forward to having
on backwards. Fantastic. No word on what Sony has available yet, but it's probably not burnout
paradise and it's sadly, there's no backwards compatibility stuff that is really hurting them.
I think. Um, cause it's just, I mean, there's great games coming out each month and just Sony,
I don't know. I'm just getting less impressed each month with the stuff that comes out for free,
though to be fair, I don't play most of it anyways, but I would play burnout paradise again
because I have it on PC. Um, speaking of games coming out again, there's, um, going to be a
rerelease of Lego city undercover for other consoles. Cause remember Lego city undercover
was one of those Wii U launch titles. I think it was launched actually may have been after launch,
but close to launch, um, that only came out on Wii U and it was originally being shown off as
a grand theft auto Lego game, which it kind of spun off into something else, but certainly looked
exactly grand theft auto with the same HUD and everything. Um, but now it's going to be coming
out on PlayStation four and Xbox one and on the switch and that should be coming out, um, probably
next year, but I will definitely pick that up cause it looks awesome. I never did pick it up on
Wii U and that might be one I had to pick up on the Wii U, but I may wait. Yeah. I think there's
a lot of people that are probably in the same boat issue where it's like, wow, I really wanted
to play that game, but eh, I didn't really want to play it on Wii U. I think it's just hasn't
come down in price. Maybe it has. A lot of Wii U stuff hasn't. That is unfortunate. Like I,
I don't know. I, I, I saw when I was at Toys R Us over the weekend, I saw that super Mario
all stars on Wii. They still want 20 bucks for that. 1999 for a, for a basically a virtual
console release on a Wii disc, which that game actually was never on virtual console because
they can charge 20 bucks for it and people will pay it. Yeah. Which is funny. Well, yeah. Cause
yeah, it's actually, it's not funny at all. Yeah. Cause it's super Nintendo games, which they charge
way too much for anyways. It'd be charging like what? $10 for eight bucks, eight bucks,
maybe nine on wheels. I don't remember. Ridiculous. I understand. Don't get me wrong.
These are great games, but you long ago made your money back on this shit and it's fucking stupid.
They should be selling those virtual console games. Like they do the fucking humble bundles
because you know what? Like there's a lot of games out there that I may not purchase, but
I would fucking build up a library of like, especially like these sales that come on.
I buy a lot of stuff that I honestly don't play on the PlayStation or, but I purchase it because
it's so cheap. And you know, there's a lot of stuff like virtual console. They could be totally
taking advantage of that, but they're fucking greedy because they're like, well, our games
are quality and they should be sold for this amount. Yeah, you're right. Your games are good,
but you know what? Those games came out decades ago and you made your money back
so many times on that. It's fucking stupid. Well, maybe a lot of copies are still on the shelf,
so maybe, uh, maybe the folks will speak on that and get it a discount on that.
Dark Tetsuya says in our chat room, I don't know if I need Mario all stars that badly.
All I need to do is buy Super Mario Brothers 2 and already have all the virtual console
additions anyway. Well, to be fair though, and to be fair, the Super Mario all stars
remakes were really good, especially the original Mario and Mario 2 turned out really good as well.
Mario 3 didn't have a lot of changes cause it was already kind of the newer game, but, um,
and I can't remember if the all stars they're selling in stores also has Mario world on it
or not. Cause remember that was the thing. There was Super Mario all stars plus world
was a packing. I don't think so. Yeah, it probably isn't probably isn't anyway. Uh,
speaking of retro friends, if I remember correctly, that was one of those games that
they dumped someone had dumped the disc and it was literally like a 30 megabyte ROM. It was stupid.
Anyway. Um, speaking of retro franchises that keep coming back, uh, some new trademarks have
been filed by Bandai Namco and these trademarks were filed in Europe and two of them have to do
with Pac-Man. There are two new Pac-Man trademarks for Pac-Man, cash rush and Pac-Man and leprechaun.
One sounds like a slot machine and one sounds like a mobile game. That's what it sounds like to me.
I wouldn't say cash rush sounds like it's a slot machine.
Slot machine or a ticket redemption or something like that. It's probably not
going to be what you think. I doubt these are new console games or anything like that. Although,
I mean, to be fair, I mean, we kind of roll our eyes at these, but.
Or cash rush could almost be like a lottery, you know, like a lotto.
A lotto ticket or something. Who knows? Uh, but I was gonna say like, you know,
to be fair, like Pac-Man championship edition deluxe plus, and I really like championship
edition too. I know a lot of people didn't, but I still thought, found a lot to love in that.
So a lot of actually the Pac-Man, I even like Pac-Man 256. Like a lot of the Pac-Man titles
lately have been pretty cool. So, you know, I guess don't knock until you tried it.
Uh, there were also some trademarks, uh, for skies unknown, uh, the precious 12 and fortune gears,
but we don't know exactly what those could be. Those could be literally anything. So,
but there they are, some trademarks. That's why we put it in rapid fire news because everything
else is pretty much speculative with that. Uh, something that is a little more certain,
in fact, almost too certain is Ubisoft giving away 30 days worth of giveaways.
If you sign into Uplay and go to the 30 day site, you can start looking at some of the fun little
giveaways that they're giving away. And some of it is a little silly, like greeting cards for
Just Dance or something like that, but they are also as part of this giveaway, giving away
copies of PC games through Uplay. Like you can actually get Rayman or, you know, some of the.
Well, they have the 30, was it like the 12 months that they were doing that too?
Yeah, but now, well now they're doing the 30 days of, of Christmas as well. Uh, or the 30,
30 days of giveaways. Cause you know, you can't really say Christmas, but anyway, um.
Why does Nintendo own Christmas?
Uh, maybe, uh, all that stuff aside, if you want to know what they're giving out, well,
good news. It's all already leaked anyway, because the source code for the webpage had
all the giveaways listed in it. And it was leaked to Twitter. Now Ubisoft has since updated the
page and who knows, maybe they'll try to shuffle some things to make it play out a little
differently, but we kind of know now what's going to happen. So that's what's going to happen.
Uh, those PC games to talk to you about, there's going to give away some PC games as well as some
of the other stuff. So, um, there you go. Let's talk about what is coming out in stores this week.
Loki, what's in the US.
So this week we've got Blade Shield on HTC Vive, um, Dark Master or Darksiders,
uh, War Master Edition on PC. Steins Gate Zero on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Final Fantasy 15 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Watch Dogs will be coming out on PC.
Townsman on PC. Apollo Justice, Ace Attorney on iOS.
Maze on PC. Rad Rogers, World 1 on PC. The Dwarves on PC, Mac and Linux, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Fury on Xbox One. Little Briar Rose on PC. Steep on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And finally, Super Mario Maker for 3DS. Oh, okay. 3DS. All right.
Uh, going over to Japan, a little game called Final Fantasy 15, I think has people's attention.
They're getting that on Tuesday, which is usually our release days, but, uh, usually I don't think
Tuesday is a release day in Japan. So they are kind of shifting things to coincide with us,
uh, so that that way it's a worldwide release. So they are getting that. Uh, I would usually think
a week that a Final Fantasy game is coming out, there would be nothing else, but believe it or
not, there are still some releases in Japan this week on the usual, uh, Friday, December 1st is
going to see, I guess these are rereleases Biohazard 4, 5, and 6 are all coming out from
Capcom in Japan. Uh, so that is something to look forward to on PlayStation 4, the crew ultimate
edition as well. Dragon Quest Builders moves into the ultimate hits collection and we'll get a
release there. Uh, and then also God Eater 2 Rage Burst. I think that's also a price reduction. So
a lot of these are just, uh, titles that are moving into greatest hits or some type of like
remaster or whatever, but Watch Dogs 2 gets its release in Japan on December 1st. So you do have
that to look forward to as well in Japan. Now I'm looking at some of the other consoles. The 3DS
has All Common Rider, Rider Revolution comes out on December 1st. Also Mario Maker for 3DS also
arriving in Japan this week. Uh, there's also some new amiibo from the Legend of Zelda series to go
with that. The Toon Link and all that stuff is out this week. Although, um, yeah, I guess this
is a new like Legend of Zelda series, uh, and not like just a rerelease of the Super Smash
Brothers ones. Uh, there's also Digimon Universe is out this week on the 3DS. Uh, lastly, taking
a look at the PlayStation Vita, uh, this week there is a new model. There's a silver and a
metallic red PlayStation Vita. Uh, Dragon Quest Builders gets its, uh, rerelease price reduction
as well on the Vita. Uh, and then Digimon Story also on the Vita. And Katamari Damacy,
no Vita, gets a rerelease, a welcome, welcome price. And Taiko no Tatujin V version also getting
that same rerelease. So it looks like you get a lot of, uh, like price reductions and repackagings
things moving into like best hits type collections in Japan this week. Uh, how about the UK, Loki?
Um, the UK, we've got Final Fantasy 15 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Watch Dogs 2 on PC.
And, um, finally, let's see, Gravity Rush 2 on PlayStation 4.
Uh, and thank you to, uh, Dark Tetsuya in chat reminding me, oh yeah, they did announce this
during a Nintendo Direct some time ago. And now I'm, now I'm remembering this again. Uh,
there's also the 8-bit link in the style of the NES original version and a Twilight Princess 1
too. That's right. So that's all in Japan this week. So I imagine it must just be around the
corner for us. I know your release date thing doesn't track Amiibo, but I can't imagine it's
not also releasing here real soon. Probably. Probably another way for Nintendo to make a
little bit of money going into the holiday. So let's get into, excuse me guys. I'm still getting
over that cough. Uh, let's get into the mailbag of which I think we have like one email this week.
So we're going to get into tonight's email. Um, where's my email music? Here it is.
Every week you guys email us, participate at orangeloungelaungerator.com is the place to
send us an email and we will read your emails here on air. And this is the only email I believe
we have this week, which I think just missed the cutoff for last week's show. I think it came in
during the show. So I'm going to read it now. Uh, this is an email from Reddertainment who says,
uh, dearest denizens of Potopia. That time of year has come again. That time of year when my parents
start to bug me about what I want for Christmas. Since I'm an adult, who's pretty good at buying
his own thing. I don't have any ideas for what my parents can get me for Christmas. Do any of you
have any ideas? No, my parents won't buy me anything gaming related. Don't ask why it's just
that way. Reddertainment. Well, if they're not going to get you anything gaming related,
I don't know if this is the show to be emailing to be fair. What else do you like Reddertainment?
Ask them to give you an Amazon gift card. Yeah, yes. Actually, that's not a bad idea.
Ask for gift cards for Amazon, Toys R Us, Target, and then you can go buy video games.
Huh? I think you just have to outsmart them a little bit Reddertainment. That's how you're
going to get the video games. I don't know. Are you into Legos? I was looking at Legos at Toys
R Us the other day. There's a lot of fun sets. They're so expensive, but there's not all of them.
Now they finally have a, they released like a generic set for Toys R Us. That's just like,
here's a variety of blocks in different colors for like 60 bucks for a ton of blocks. You know what
else came back from my childhood that I was not prepared to see at Toys R Us? Domino Rally.
You remember that? Domino Rally's back. I think you should buy that for your kids.
Provided the little one won't try to eat the dominoes. No, he won't eat the dominoes,
but here's what'll happen. And this is just like with any of the blocks that they have.
They will throw them around the room. They'll land on the floor. They won't pick them up off
the floor. And my cat will knock them under the couch. Cause that's what she does. Or they'll
throw them under the couch and then like, Hey, why not under the couch? I'll get them out from
under the couch and they'll do it again. All right. Uh, since, since we're not very good at
coming up with ideas for entertainment, one thing we love to do here at, uh,
orange on radio, we crowdsource to our chat room. So here's some ideas for your
entertainment from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. Uh, SSJ100 Matt suggests
crystal Pepsi. Um, let's see. SSJ100 Matt also suggests a puppy or a wife. Um, I'm sorry,
a puppy or a kitten. And Akuma JP said, get a wife. That's actually like a wife with a W.
Don't. Don't if you don't have to.
Raygenator suggests a hooker. Uh, Akuma JP suggests a Monoprice 3d printer.
I would love a 3d printer. 3d printer might be fun. That's actually,
I would love a 3d printer. There you go. So there's something, then you can 3d
print all the gaming things. I would want to build a 3d printer, but they never have a build
base. It's large enough for me. And I haven't found any instructions on how to make larger
3d printers by combining, you know, some of those hotbeds and stuff, but yeah,
I would love a 3d printer. All right. So there it is. Uh, some suggestions from our chat, uh,
over at live.vognetwork.com. All right. Let's move on with more show. We're going to get back
into some news, right? Loki. Yes. Um, so Sony's got some stuff coming to the, or some surprises
coming, I guess, to the PlayStation experience. Um, they have a full list of games, but there's
also some unannounced panels as well. So some of the stuff that they're bringing, um, like Ace
combat seven looks pretty cool. And especially that's possessed some VR as well. Um, a lot of
games are already out already, like Batman Arkham VR bound. Um, let's see if there's anything else
that's really kind of stand out ish. Um, full throttle remastered. I didn't realize that was
being remastered. That's kind of cool. So that's something that's going to be coming. Uh, grant
there's no sport. Uh, there's a new hot Sunni Miku game project diva future tone horizon zero
dawn looks pretty cool. Um, let's see. Uh, new hog two. Let's see. Uh, there's the evil seven.
Yeah, it looks pretty cool. Um, lots of PlayStation VR stuff, um, Sonic mania. But, uh,
one of the things that hopefully will be there, and this is of course a huge rumor is, um, which
by the way, I just want to say, I think has already been disproven just so you know. Okay.
Well, I hope it's undisproven, but, uh, the thought was maybe during the whole Capcom cup,
they're going to make an announcement for a new game. And the hopes were for Marvel versus Capcom
four. I would love to see that, but I don't think that's going to happen. And apparently that,
yeah, as you mentioned has been disproven. So. Womp womp. Yeah. I'd heard about the whole, uh,
Marvel versus Capcom rumor. And you know, the, the reaction from some of my friends I was with was
didn't, didn't, weren't there a lot of issues with licensing and Marvel versus Capcom three
towards the end. So it seemed very unlikely that a four would, would actually have, you know,
they could work that stuff out. I mean, I don't know. Um, it would be a place to announce that I
would think, but, um, maybe not. We'll, we'll have to see. I like surprises though. So I would even
be fine if you can't do a Marvel versus Capcom game, maybe like a guest character for, you know,
street fighter or something like that. I don't know if they're going to do that though. Um,
but yeah, so too bad. Well, there's some announcements at least we know,
so hopefully we can expect some surprises. All right. Well, moving on to talk about,
Ooh, I like this. Dartetsuya says maybe we'll get Capcom versus SNK three. Oh man. I would,
I would be so here for that. If that happened, I would be so excited. I'm not really. I could
see cause you know, SNK seems to be pre-opened that kind of stuff. So maybe, maybe SNK would
be developing it. Although I preferred Capcom's version back in the day, but you know, I'd,
I'd still be excited if that was an actual thing that happened. Uh, anyhow, moving on to something
we were talking about earlier in the show, the NES classic additions controller and why it's so
darn short. Um, apparently, uh, you know, some research has been done on this issue and the,
the issue with this is, uh, the communication protocol that is used, uh, is that apparently
this is a high speed chip to chip communication, but the length, I guess, uh, for this communication
to actually work is the length basically that the cord is at right now. Uh, why didn't they do a
thicker cable? Well, it would have been more expensive and I guess less practical when we
talk about more expensive because I guess $60 for this system may have already been pushing it. I
don't know. Uh, but there's also talk about extension cables saying that they work, but
they're pushing the limit of the protocol and you might get communication errors, but you just may
not notice them while you're playing. Uh, why didn't Nintendo just use something else? Well,
because if that was the case, then they would have to make new controllers for the mini that
weren't necessarily compatible with the Wii and the Wii U, which I guess I'm with that.
Exactly. It's like, who gives a fuck? You know what you could have done? You could have made the
fucking original NES controllers. Hey, imagine that you can make an NES controller and it just
fucking works because you build the port in there. I don't understand why they had to have
compatibility with the Wii U and the Wii in the first place. I don't understand why this can't
just plug into the Wii remote, just like the classic controller does. And I've never had a
problem with virtual console or any of that. So I don't buy any of this shit. What kind of, what
kind of fucking chip to chip protocol only works at two fucking feet away? But, Oh, those additional
V that's really pushing it. That's a bullshit right there. That's just, it's technology from
1982. That's why it's technology from 1982. No, fuck that. And you know why that doesn't make any
fucking sense? Because technology from it was analog. Okay. It was analog fucking stuff that
they had working there and they had eight foot cables on the original NES controller.
So, Oh, and now it doesn't fucking work. I don't think so. It's just a bullshit excuse. I'll tell
you why, what they probably had standard size, size cables, because those two foot cables were
meant to be plugged into a Wii remote that was wireless anyway. So they didn't need to have
an eight foot long fucking cable. And then the, or the key parity between their other accessories,
maybe they had some sort of internal guidelines that they have to do for these stupid accessories.
That's why the cable's that long. It's not because of fucking, Oh, the chip can't fucking
handle it because that's stupid. Then use a different chip or use a fucking chip that you
had in fucking eighties because that shit works just fine. It's a whole bunch of nonsense and
bullshit. I use, you know, usually guys, I'll try to, I'll try to nudge Loki on some of these
rants, but this one I kind of agree with because if the extension cables worked just fine,
I'm sorry. There was a potential that it could look, you know, it might not work.
I don't think so. I think it's dumb. Yeah. All right. Well, let's move on Loki,
calm down and go to the next story. This is so stupid. Like just say, listen, we,
it was too expensive to have the longer cords. Just keep it that we want the cost of the system
doubt. It was too expensive to have longer cords or like we wanted the ensure compatibility with
the, we, um, you or the, we, and so because you know, all of our accessories have a certain cord
length, that's why you may give a fucking honest answer instead of trying to bullshit us with this.
That's the worst part about it. I just, I hate fucking PR responses is what I hate.
So Pokemon goes gotten some updates lately and this is actually kind of interesting stuff.
They're really trying to get players back into the game. So one of the things that they added
was a new Pokemon. So you can actually catch Ditto now. And Ditto is kind of a unique character
obviously because with Ditto, you're actually not really catching Ditto. You're catching something
else and it ends up being a Ditto. And then what's kind of cool is when you actually take Ditto and
fight him, um, against other Pokemon in the gym, it'll turn into those Pokemon. So it's kind of
neat to see that unique gameplay with Ditto. I caught a Ditto here at the house. It was a Rattata.
But, uh, yeah, yeah, I'll have to play a little bit more to check it out. Also, if you're interested
in checking it out again, you'll be happy to know that they're doing a double XP in Stardust event.
So it's going to be running between now and November 30th. So you got a few more days left
of that. So go check it out. And along with that, they've also expanded the, uh, nearby
in sightings features. So now instead of just having, you know, this no distance whatsoever,
it's kind of giving you like pokey stops that things are nearby, kind of like what they were
doing in like San Francisco for a long time. But now it's kind of expanded outwards. If you live
west of the Mississippi. Right. Sorry, New York. So, um, yeah, apparently it's available now. Um,
you know, west of the Mississippi and, uh, except for Hawaii and Alaska and America and then British,
Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Mentoba, um, in the western half of Ontario, Canada,
and all of Australia. I don't get why they're rolling out, whatever.
Well, my hope is, is that that was pretty quickly after they expanded the San Francisco Bay area
part. So maybe you guys will get this the right. And when I say you guys, the East coast will get
this like in a matter of a week or two and not much more. So I hope for you guys, I hope so.
Oh, all right. Have you, have you played much Pokemon go Loki since this, that changes?
No, I turned it on the other day and that's when I found out that they had updated the
nearby thing. Um, cause I was trying to see if there was like, maybe it did a nearby,
but then I turned it right off. Yeah. We caught a Charmander here and actually
we must live in a Pikachu nest because Pikachu shows up all the time. In fact,
I just brought it up to see if maybe there was one available and sadly there's not,
but there is a 429 EV available right now. It's a pretty good, uh, pretty good CP roll for an EV.
So I might try to catch that there to try to evolve it later. We'll see. Anyway. So I'm still,
I'm still doing the Pokemon go thing, but then again, you know, I also still play a lot of
Ingress and all that other stuff. So I'm just, I'm a fan of location-based gaming. What can I say?
Oh, there we go. Back to my, back to my three day streak by catching that EV. I'm proud of myself.
All right. Moving on to a story about Xbox One and, uh, you know, I got to admit as much as I
enjoy the Xbox One and it's got a lot of great games, the UI still feels clunky to me. And that's
certainly because of the fact that it was designed for the Kinect where if I had a Kinect, it might
feel less clunky. Uh, but a lot of people like myself don't have the Kinect anymore. So things
like snap mode feel a little strange. Like I just, I, I realized some of you might think I'm weird,
but I just cannot get used to it on the controller. It doesn't feel right to me.
Well, Xbox One, they might get rid of it. But the reason doesn't have to do with people like
me bitching. Uh, the reason why this might happen is because the snap mode is based around the
windows 8 dashboard system. Uh, and of course, obviously things have upgraded a little bit since
windows 8. Uh, so apparently according to a report from windows central, uh, Microsoft is looking
into a system that will replace snap mode with something more picture and picture, which is more
compatible with the universal windows platform apps. So unfortunately don't know a lot more
about it besides that. Uh, but if any UI alterations are coming, they're probably going to
come next year around the same time. We start to learn more about project Scorpio and whatever the
real name is behind that, which I'm sure we will learn all about at E3 2017. But, um, look, you
don't, do you have, I don't think you have an Xbox one, right? That's the one you don't have.
No, I don't really have to worry about the whole snap. It's, it's a little weird to me.
It looked weird. Like again, it's kind of sad, but it's true. Like the best UI that Microsoft
ever had was the original 360 interface. It really was. Yeah. And it's kind of sucks that now it's
just like, it's too convoluted. Sorry. That doesn't mean there aren't some great games on
Xbox one, but it's just the UI is kind of, I want to get an Xbox one. I was, I almost
picked a couple up, you know, but I'm just still going to wait a little bit longer. They will come
down to price even more. And especially next E3, you know, I mean, I don't, I don't know if I
really wanted a Scorpio because I don't either really see what the gains are from that. Just,
I don't know if it's going to be worth it for the price, but we'll see. Well, again, isn't the
Scorpio supposed to be kind of like a pro where the games will still work on Xbox one, but they're
all supposed to scale up because it's like the windows, uh, windows 10, I guess where it scales
everything. Right. Right. We'll see. I mean, I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. Uh, just a couple
more stories for you guys. Then we're going to open up the Skype line at orange lounge radio.
We're almost to the end. Believe me, I told you it was lighter news week. So we may finish a little
early tonight. I don't know. It just depends on calls. So the console version of Minecraft is
getting quite an update. Um, so they're going to bring almost all of the PCs additions, um,
to the consoles with the holiday update. And so with that, they're going to have the, um,
some of the things they're adding, the Altria wings, um, that I guess allow you to
fly and glide the amplified terrain and cities, uh, dragon's breath, potion ingredients, and
more also they're including, um, new UI, uh, new mobs items, blocks says effects.
And, um, I guess Altria, the, or they'll find, I guess you'll find the ultra in the end. Um,
but yeah, I mean, God, I've, it's been so long since I played Minecraft in cities. I have no
fucking clue what that is. Um, I'm interested to see, I know they have like these new cabins
and stuff on the PC version with the illagers, um, wonder that's coming in later on, but it's
nice to see the consoles kind of catching up. Um, and then also hopefully mod support soon.
Cause I know that they do have that on the pocket edition, uh, where you can do like some sort of
like basic mods with that. Be kind of cool to see that on console as well. I was telling my son
about this cause I'm like, Hey, I'm all, they're going to be doing an update for the Wii U version
pretty soon. You got to check it out. Cause he plays it every week. So he was checking out
actually, uh, this week, the, um, Chinese mythology skin that they have on there. Cause they have all
these like free skins and each one has its own world with it. And what's kind of cool. I don't
remember those being free on like Xbox 360 and stuff, but for whatever reason, a Wii U they are.
And so, um, yeah, like the massive, he's like been in the mass effect one before and the Skyrim one
and, um, but the Chinese mythology one was pretty cool. I liked the music in that. So
looking forward to it. I'm sure my son's looking forward to it more than I am.
Yeah. I love that these console versions of still getting updates all this time.
I really need to go back and play again because it's been a long time for me too.
I there's a lot of like, I don't think there's a lot of, um, it's still too kind of like open ended
as far as what you need to do in the game. I think it'd be cool if they have like, you know,
a little bit of the monster, um, was it monster quest builders type stuff in there, you know,
a little bit of like that where you can actually build like a village and there's a little bit of
questing around that. That would be kind of cool if they add that in the Minecraft. Um,
but I don't know, that's pretty cool. All right. Well, last but not least tonight,
a story about origin. That's right. EA's online store platform, which we haven't talked about
in quite a while. I can't imagine why. Um, but anyhow, EA has made some updates to the origin
store, uh, with some new features and that is to add items to your wishlist and the ability to gift
games and DLCs to other users. Both of them just went live just in time for black Friday,
uh, which I think they're having a sale. That's still going, which by the way, you know, it's
as much as I throw a little casual shade at origin now and then they have made a lot of
improvements since the early day when we used to really bag on them. And the fact that, um,
the Mass Effect trilogy is available for like 19 bucks. I think it's either $19.99 or it's $24.99,
which is a steal for those three games. Uh, so, you know, just a cheap plug for that there. If
you've never played the games, if X for happens to be listening out there. Cause he's, he even just
wrote a tweet earlier tonight that said, I'm thinking about getting into Mass Effect cause
Robin Shane wouldn't shut up about it this weekend. Uh, anyway, but what's interesting
though, is that despite the fact that they're finally adding these features, which seem like,
kind of like, Oh, aren't these kind of normal for stores? Uh, well, apparently they do have
limitations. For example, you can only gift already released content, not pre-orders and
that includes DLC. Well, I guess that is reasonable. You can only give something that's
already out, but you can only gift EA published games, not third party content. You can't get
virtual currency. You can't gift bundles that have virtual currency. Uh, and you can only gift to
friends in the same country as you. I think that's good, especially with all the things that they've
had via the EA hacks with the whole FIFA cards and stuff. I suppose I'm kind of okay with that.
Okay. All right. That's a good, that's a good perspective. I wasn't thinking about that,
but you know, steam does have the ability to gift across different regions and so forth, but
steam has also had not rampant, but they've had some problems in the past with, you know,
some hacking and so forth, you know, kind of the same type of exploits about, you know,
giveaways and certain games and what like selling those in the marketplace for lots of money. Right.
So, yeah. Well, anyway, maybe it's a little explanation as to why EA's system is a little
more limited. Anyway, that is going to do it for the news this week. Uh, but we are now going to
open up the Skype line for you guys to have your say. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype
is the place to be. If you want to give us a call to talk about anything we've talked about so far
tonight and your perspective on it, or maybe something we missed that you're really passionate
about. Again, that's Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, or if you prefer to do things
old school, you can 1-877-GAME-OLR, but I think most people are on Skype these days.
Uh, we are getting a call on the line, so let's get to it. And hello there. You are on Orange
Lounge Radio. Who's this? Hey, it's Strelok. Hey, Strelok, buddy. How you doing? Uh, not too bad.
What's on your mind tonight, my friend? Uh, not too much. I wanted to talk a little bit about,
uh, Pokemon Sun and Moon. Oh, please do. How are you enjoying Pokemon Sun and Moon?
Um, a lot actually. Uh, I was afraid that, uh, I didn't intend on buying it at first because of the,
uh, removal of the whole grid, uh, system. Right. And so our listeners remember, if they haven't
heard a call from you before, you are a blind gamer. So sometimes these accessibility things
are very important. Um, so, uh, yeah, getting rid of the grid system where you would, you know,
be able to, when you move up, down, left, right, you kind of know where you are based on how many
times you press the button. That kind of goes away in this, right? Uh, yeah, but it's actually,
see, I was envisioning, like, if you guys remember Lumiacity from X and Y,
and how much of a mess that was like to, to move, I was kind of imagining something kind of like
that. And it's actually not, it's, it's, uh, it's, it's not easy, like, particularly to,
or as easy to move around, um, as it was previously, but it's, uh, still doable
and I've been able to progress. So. About how far in the game are you right now?
Um, not too far at all, just cause I haven't played a whole lot, but I'm,
uh, just got to the, the big city on the first island where you can,
um, change your, customize your character and stuff. Oh, right. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And,
uh, about to fight Team Skull for the first time. It takes a little time to get there. I mean,
the beginning of the game's kind of long. So, uh, yeah, a lot of, a lot of cut scenes. There is,
there's a lot of stuff that goes on in the beginning of the game, but, you know,
it's kind of, it's kind of the same as most Pokemon stories is that, oh,
we just moved to this new town and now I'm going to leave for a long time to go catch Pokemon.
It's kind of the, what I think is interesting is that, um, your character in, uh, Sun and Moon
actually comes from Kanto, which is the region of red, blue and yellow. Yep. So it's kind of
a nice nod to, you know, being it being the 20th anniversary game. Well, that and the fact that,
you know, you have the remakes of the gen one Pokemon that show up as well. You know,
they have the Alolan forms, um, that are there, which apparently, uh, the gen one originals are
in the game. You will see them when we open up the Pokemon bank and all that stuff. So yeah,
you will have the possibility of Alolan Raichu for, uh, fighting, you know, gen one Raichu.
That's, that's going to happen. Um, but, uh, you know, there's a lot of the throwbacks to gen one
with also a red and blue are characters in the game. Yeah. What I like too is about the Alolan
forms is their, uh, typings are different too, which is pretty interesting. Definitely mixes
the game up a little bit. Um, any, any favorite Pokemon early on, or maybe from things you've
seen, uh, in trailers or, or, uh, you know, heard about online or whatever. Um,
I don't know. The, uh, starters are pretty cool. The starters are pretty cool. Um, I, at, uh,
Toys R Us this weekend, I wasn't prepared to see this. They had the stuffed animal versions of the,
uh, starter toys, but it's, but no, they were gigantic instead of being like the little sized
ones. Yeah. I already have the trio that you can get a GameStop, which are more little size.
These were gigantic. So they're like carnival. Yeah. They're like carnival sizes. We're like
the Litten Litten's head is as big as my own head. I swear. There's a, uh, for those that would want
to check it out, um, on, on my Instagram, which I think is public, I don't know. Uh, but I actually
posted a picture of me with this huge Litten. I'm sure tiger clock and dig up the link for you guys
to put it in chat. Um, but yeah, you can actually see this thing is like as big as my face. So nice.
Um, but yeah, so, uh, but they were 75 bucks each. Yeah. For, for something that size. Right.
So they were, they were huge and we're so funny. You didn't even have to like play, you know,
$600 worth of skee-ball to get them. Yeah. $75 doesn't seem so expensive when you put it that
way. Um, and a lot of my friends on Facebook were asking where's Popplio? And I said, I'm not
letting that thing in the picture cause I'm so rude. I'm so rude. But guess what? I have
all the starters right now in my Pokemon party, including Popplio. Yay. Speaking of, uh, not
gaming related, but did you hear about that whole thing that came out? It was either earlier this
year or maybe last year with that guy that was trying to like sue a carnival because he spent
like thousands of dollars trying to get a, like one of those stupid bananas or something like
that. Uh, well, if the game was rigged so he couldn't win at all, there might be a case,
but otherwise, uh, there's a certain risk reward. I think you kind of know going into it. I mean,
he would have to prove that it was completely faulty for him to have any merit.
Yeah. Yeah. I think the guy was just salty cause he spent a bunch of money and
that's what it sounds like. You gotta be careful with those carnival games. Uh,
you don't ever assume you're going to win anything more than a little piece of shit.
Like what, what are the little, little crappy prizes they give you like spider rings, spider
rings, spider rings, erasers, erasers, and spider rings and, and, uh, Tootsie rolls.
That's going to be about the extent stickers. That's going to be about the extent of what you
win. Yup. Well actually it was, yeah, we spent like about $10 at one of these arcades and we
got, they were playing the ticket machines and one of the things that they got were stamps. Like
my kids got stamps that like a soccer ball or football and those things are a piece of shit,
but they love them. They like kids eat that crap up because they was like, Ooh, a stamp. I could
stay myself. Yeah. Then they, then they stamp everything. They stamped the walls, then they
stamp dinner plates and stuff. Usually just themselves. Um, but, uh, also what was I going
to say with that, that whole thing? Um, Oh, around one, uh, cause they have a ton of claw
machines there around one. I have seen grown adults, uh, no different than you or me drop
so much money into that to try to win like a little Kirby or something like that. I could
just imagine being there or just spending all the money, uh, trying to win. I can't really talk
because I will do the same fucking thing in record keeper trying to go after a specific relic.
I guess it happens to the best. We all have our weaknesses. All right,
Sturlock, my friend, I'm gonna let you go to get some more calls, but keep enjoying Pokemon. All
right. Yeah, definitely. I'm looking forward to, uh, I'm also looking forward to, uh,
final fantasy 15 colon dude. Where's my chocobo. Me too. I hope, I hope the story is as in depth
as other, other episodes. I I'm just been really trying to avoid spoilers to, to, uh, keep it,
keep it a surprise. Yeah. Should be interesting. Games been in development for 10 years,
just 10 years. You know, no biggie. All right, my friend, take care. All right. All right. Bye. Bye.
Yeah. That's the other thing that makes fun. Uh, one eight seven seven game,
OLR or username on Skype, orange launch radio. That's the other thing that makes this final
fantasy 15 such a big deal is that, you know, we've been waiting 10 years, 10 years for this
game. I mean, the E3 where this was announced was like one of our first E3s that must've been
the Paris Hilton year. The, the year I called the Paris Hilton E3. That was the one where the, we,
the, we, it was the last big E3 before they clamped down to the airport. That was the E3
where, uh, final fantasy versus 13 was announced. If I remember right, you went that year, right?
We went to the square Enix theater and they had like all the different trailers, right?
Um, that was our big appointment was we got to sit and watch a bunch of, a bunch of trailers,
but it was great that the presentation, so yeah. Um, wasn't that, was that the year that
they announced 13 and then, and 14, uh, was it that year? Uh, or was it the year before,
or was it 2009 when that happened? No, I feel like that was the year.
2006 was the year they announced all of them, but I don't think the game actually showed up until
like 2009, I think was the year that they announced final fantasy 13 was coming and 14.
And that was a big like, Ooh, ah moment. And that was the first E3 back at the, uh, convention
center after the two down years. So, yeah, everybody thought he made a mistake when he
said Final Fantasy 14 was going to be coming to PlayStation three. We all thought he meant
13 verses, but then Nope. They showed that trailer that Nope, it is really final fantasy 14
online. And I just remember, I know I started like, I started like scream crying in like
Sony's booth because I wasn't at the, but uh, Sony's booth, you could just walk in and watch
the press conference. And when I saw that I just was like, like hyperventilating tears because,
you know, I'd played so many hours of 11 and then for that game to come out and for it to be so
fucking bad. So, so bad when it first came out, but thankfully they fixed the, the, they can come
back from that. The no man's sky can come back from the mess that it is. That's right. Diablo
three came back from its original release. That's just, that's the world of games we live in now.
If Final Fantasy 15 sucks when they release it, you know what? Yeah, they'll just patch it next
year. They're not going to kill the Final Fantasy brand that easy. Uh, Dungeon Buster in chat says
the good old Fabula Nova crystalis constellation of Final Fantasy 13 games. Yeah. Of which type
zero was the other one, right? It was originally supposed to be a mobile game and they kind of
sorta like it ended up being on the Vita and then they did the PS4 release and all that. That was
also part of the 13 trilogy or 13 Fabula, none of it, which seems to tie together with anything.
Yeah. Right. None of them seem to tie together with anything. I don't think Final Fantasy 15
supposed, but I mean, they've had a decade. They probably changed the story to really separate it
from 13. Yeah. My thought was a lot of those stories were tied into, uh, maybe what we got
in 13 two and lightning returns, which I still always want to call 13 three. All right. Uh,
one more shout out for calls orange lounge radio on Skype or the old fashioned way one eight seven
seven game O L R. Um, any last minute stories you want to bring up? Logie? It's been kind of
a slow. I don't know if there's a lot else. There was a, um, one thing we didn't mention,
there was a majora's mask fan film. You can go check out. It's animated. Some guy worked on it.
Um, so it's called majora's mask, a terrible fate. So go check that out on YouTube. Um,
that's pretty cool. That's sadly it. All right. Well, I don't see the phone lighting up. I think
we probably have a few less live folks tonight because of, uh, some folks traveling back from
the holiday weekend. So we're going to go ahead and, uh, wrap it up. Um, and, uh, call it a night
here at orange launch radio, but thank you guys as always for your support. Thank you for downloading
the podcast and listening to it or listening live. However you support orange launch radio.
We really appreciate it. Uh, we don't ask for your money here, but we do ask you to help us spread
the word, uh, tell a friend or two about the show or leave us a nice five star review wherever you
found this show at a place like iTunes, uh, Google play podcasts, or all those different,
um, I tune in, uh, or any place that you may have found orange lounge radio. We really appreciate
you guys spreading the word. Don't forget to email us, participate at orange laundry.com.
You can also comment on our shows at vog network.com when they're posted. And you can also
tweet us twitter.com slash O L R. Uh, but that is pretty much going to do it for another episode of
oral are, uh, Loki enjoy the crystal Pepsi and a good luck with programming. Oh, you really did
almost finish. I'll enjoy. Yes. All 58 grams of sugar in this. Uh, and, um, yeah, have a good week.
We'll see you next time. Any closing thoughts for our listeners tonight? Um, I'll try working on my
game some more, but no guarantees because I have Skyrim. And so, you know, that is distracting.
It's very tempting. And to just waste hours of time, which is basically doing the same quests
I've done over and over and over again. It's just like, but it's funny because there's so
many of them. I forget what they are half the time. So, well, I will not be promising any work
on a game of mine because I know final fantasy 15, of course. Yeah, that's coming out tomorrow.
Yep. Uh, that's, that's pretty much that, but I, I will look forward to seeing you guys potentially
on a live stream or, uh, you know, I do have the PS4 pro, you know, one advantage of the PS4 pro
it does stream at 60 frames a second. I was looking at a extra with streaming
Overwatch and it looked great. So I'm excited to do some streaming in a 60 frames a second.
That'll be fun. So, uh, thank you guys very much for, uh, downloading and checking out the show.
Um, I don't really have a final thought besides that. I'm looking forward to Final Fantasy 15
and, um, you could, I guess a cheap plug for my Twitch stream over at Rob Roberts, um, which I
Loki, you, do you ever stream anymore? I think I have your name. I think you Loki OLR on Twitch,
right? I think I have you set up. I don't even remember what my login is to be honest.
I'm probably not. I don't, I don't tend to do that because if I'm playing games,
it's most likely my wife's watching Netflix or something or, or even then, um, I don't
talk over anything. Cause if I have a headset on, my voice is loud. It wake up the wife awake
up or like they're watching TV. That's just irritating. So I, the last time I was able to
even play online games with a headset was in the garage and I'm not doing that. Fair enough. Fair
enough. All right, well that is going to do it. Uh, for another episode of orange launch radio,
have a great gaming. Those together are going to play Final Fantasy 15 this week. Uh, enjoy it.
I hope it's great. I'm hoping with you guys, for those that are playing other games this week,
have fun. Uh, and we will see you in seven days for another edition of orange launch radio to
talk about the game awards and to talk about the PlayStation experience. It's going to be
a busy week next week. We will see you then in seven days. Good night.
or bog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Okay.